
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3902113000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  94187                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34288240                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   189634                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    10.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              367508701                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000025                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2013478                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003902                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3902113000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            240145                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000025                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2013478                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      177660                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           269                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      135779                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           203                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1293630                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           175                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3902102                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3902102                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1574328                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              729666                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       202551                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  89568                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         89568                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               142315                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               64073                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       28269                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1937429                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1937429                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3536038                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1567289                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      176785                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        312546                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     135761                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 23054      1.14%      1.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1614565     80.18%     81.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1188      0.06%     81.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1176      0.06%     81.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     785      0.04%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1806      0.09%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30794      1.53%     83.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     83.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12148      0.60%     83.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   14731      0.73%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    741      0.04%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   165265      8.21%     92.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  120158      5.97%     98.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11520      0.57%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              15603      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2013568                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         2221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            3652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2221                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1431                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           3652                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2087                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4913                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7000                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    133026000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    303961000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    436987000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    133026000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    303961000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    436987000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        10652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        10652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.484448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.774433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.657154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.484448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.774433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.657154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63740.297077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61868.715652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62426.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63740.297077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61868.715652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62426.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2734                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2734                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    128852000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    294135000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    422987000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    128852000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    294135000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    422987000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.484448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.774433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.484448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.774433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61740.297077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59868.715652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60426.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61740.297077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59868.715652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60426.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  6170                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           3652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    133026000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    303961000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    436987000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        10652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.484448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.774433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.657154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63740.297077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61868.715652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62426.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    128852000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    294135000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    422987000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.484448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.774433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61740.297077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59868.715652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60426.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4656                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4656                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4656                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4656                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3902113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1762.959138                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              11375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             6170                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.843598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   204.793006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   355.424853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1202.741279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.099997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.173547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.587276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.860820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1948                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1695                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.951172                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            23426                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           23426                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3902113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1286376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1286376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1286376                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1286376                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           7254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               7254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          7254                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              7254                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    255132000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    255132000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    255132000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    255132000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1293630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1293630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1293630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1293630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35171.215881                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35171.215881                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35171.215881                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35171.215881                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    240624000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    240624000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    240624000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    240624000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33171.215881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33171.215881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33171.215881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33171.215881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       6998                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1286376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1286376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          7254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              7254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    255132000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    255132000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1293630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1293630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35171.215881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35171.215881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    240624000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    240624000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33171.215881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33171.215881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3902113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               242.653148                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  824060                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  6998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                117.756502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   242.653148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.947864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.947864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1300884                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1300884                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3902113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7000                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7000                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2734                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        16734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        16734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  16734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       622976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       622976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  622976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            20670000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           37443000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3902113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          133568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          314432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              448000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       133568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         133568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       174976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           174976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2087                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7000                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2734                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2734                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           34229660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           80579932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              114809592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      34229660                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          34229660                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        44841346                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              44841346                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        44841346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          34229660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          80579932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             159650938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2721.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2087.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4880.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000867582500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           158                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           158                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                17548                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2540                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7000                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2734                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7000                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2734                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      33                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     13                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      73230500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    34835000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                203861750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10511.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29261.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4760                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1984                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 72.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7000                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2734                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6956                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2915                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     212.067238                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    134.944478                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    246.789462                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1376     47.20%     47.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          777     26.66%     73.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          273      9.37%     83.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          144      4.94%     88.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           84      2.88%     91.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           58      1.99%     93.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           42      1.44%     94.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           37      1.27%     95.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          124      4.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2915                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          158                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       43.765823                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      31.488240                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     108.231656                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             145     91.77%     91.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            10      6.33%     98.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            1      0.63%     98.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.63%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.63%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            158                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          158                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.037975                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.007267                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.027557                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                75     47.47%     47.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 7      4.43%     51.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                71     44.94%     96.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      3.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            158                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  445888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   172288                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   448000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                174976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        114.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         44.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     114.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      44.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3548431000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      364539.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       133568                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       312320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       172288                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 34229659.674130402505                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 80038686.732034668326                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 44152488.664474859834                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2087                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4913                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2734                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     63355750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    140506000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  66744638500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30357.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28598.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  24412815.84                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10695720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5684910                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             24661560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             6185700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      307934640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         755498520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         862202400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1972863450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         505.588498                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2233657250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    130260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1538195750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              10117380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5377515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             25082820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             7866540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      307934640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         882251130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         755463360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1994093385                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         511.029123                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1955091250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    130260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1816761750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3902113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3902113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3902113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           303914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               303914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          304599                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              304599                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          8750                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              8750                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    439593000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    439593000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    450988000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    450988000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       312382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           312382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       313349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          313349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51912.257912                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51912.257912                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51541.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51541.485714                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5498                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5498                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    422659000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    422659000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    433490000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    433490000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49912.494095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49912.494095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49541.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49541.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       8493                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          172470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              172470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    162175000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    162175000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       176676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          176676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.023806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38558.012363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38558.012363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    153763000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    153763000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36558.012363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36558.012363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         131444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             131444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4262                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    277418000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    277418000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       135706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         135706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031406                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65091.037072                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65091.037072                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    268896000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    268896000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63091.506335                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63091.506335                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           685                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               685                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11395000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     11395000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          967                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           967                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291624                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.291624                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40407.801418                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40407.801418                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     10831000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10831000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.291624                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291624                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38407.801418                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38407.801418                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3902113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.181436                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  242622                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  8493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 28.567291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.181436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                322098                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               322098                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3902113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3902113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3902113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2946                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2405                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5351                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          4308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             10653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            10653                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    184856000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    376607000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    561463000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    184856000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    376607000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    561463000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           16004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          16004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.665646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.665646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42909.935005                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59354.925138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52704.684127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42909.935005                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59354.925138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52704.684127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4656                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4656                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    176240000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363919000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    540159000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    176240000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363919000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    540159000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40909.935005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57355.240347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50704.871867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40909.935005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57355.240347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50704.871867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13544                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            10653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    184856000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    376607000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    561463000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         7254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          16004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.665646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42909.935005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59354.925138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52704.684127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    176240000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363919000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    540159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.593879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.725143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40909.935005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57355.240347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50704.871867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5498                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3902113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.231717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  20782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.534406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   157.669183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   107.599349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   237.963184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.307948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.210155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.464772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.982874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          301                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                35558                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               35558                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3902113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                16004                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               16003                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5498                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        22997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        14508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   37505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       911808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       464256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1376064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            36270000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             43494000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            43745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3902113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3902113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3902113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3902113000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8200385000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  99554                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34310632                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   195803                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    20.09                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              408166477                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000089                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3933834                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008200                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8200385000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            454643                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000089                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3933834                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      429908                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           439                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      300266                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           325                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2614551                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           257                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8200374                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8200374                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2550185                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1309603                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       345983                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 112048                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        112048                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               169517                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               70788                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       66466                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3847033                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3847033                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7343920                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3113886                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      428994                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        729242                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     300248                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 26346      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3099538     78.79%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4907      0.12%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      6717      0.17%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1284      0.03%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1806      0.05%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    32098      0.82%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12596      0.32%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   18672      0.47%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    741      0.02%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   417002     10.60%     92.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  269328      6.85%     98.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11992      0.30%     99.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              30920      0.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3933981                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    32                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         3060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         8146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           11206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3060                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         8146                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          11206                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         8258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         13846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5588                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8258                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        13846                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    376056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    523804000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    899860000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    376056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    523804000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    899860000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         8648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        25052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         8648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        25052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.646161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.552690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.646161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.552690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67297.065140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63429.886171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64990.611007                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67297.065140                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63429.886171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64990.611007                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         5336                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             5336                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        13846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        13846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    364880000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    507288000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    872168000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    364880000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    507288000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    872168000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.646161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.552690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.646161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.552690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65297.065140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61429.886171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62990.611007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65297.065140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61429.886171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62990.611007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 14132                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3060                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         8146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          11206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5588                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        13846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    376056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    523804000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    899860000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         8648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        25052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.646161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.552690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67297.065140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63429.886171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64990.611007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    364880000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    507288000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    872168000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.646161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.552690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65297.065140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61429.886171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62990.611007                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11542                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11542                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11542                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11542                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8200385000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1882.908534                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              31332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            14132                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.217096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   266.882197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   455.735590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1160.290747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.130314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.222527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.566548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.919389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2040                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          795                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            52766                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           52766                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8200385000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2600295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2600295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2600295                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2600295                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          14256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              14256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         14256                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             14256                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613754000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    613754000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613754000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    613754000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2614551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2614551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43052.328844                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43052.328844                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43052.328844                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43052.328844                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    585244000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    585244000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    585244000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    585244000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41052.469136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41052.469136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41052.469136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41052.469136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13999                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2600295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2600295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         14256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             14256                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    613754000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    613754000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2614551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43052.328844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43052.328844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    585244000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    585244000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 41052.469136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41052.469136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8200385000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               249.648966                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2424471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13999                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                173.188871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   249.648966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.975191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.975191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2628806                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2628806                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8200385000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               13846                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              13846                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5336                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        33028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        33028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  33028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1227648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1227648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1227648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            40526000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           74665750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8200385000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          357632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          528512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              886144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       357632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         357632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       341504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           341504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5588                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             8258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                13846                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5336                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5336                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           43611611                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           64449657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              108061268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      43611611                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          43611611                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        41644874                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              41644874                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        41644874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          43611611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          64449657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             149706142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5273.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5588.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      8158.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002369786500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           309                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           309                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                34702                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4955                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        13846                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5336                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      13846                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5336                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     100                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     63                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     180748250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    68730000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                438485750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13149.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31899.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7951                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3584                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  57.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 67.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  13846                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5336                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    13730                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     162.986323                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    112.627041                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    190.188061                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4187     56.14%     56.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1843     24.71%     80.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          708      9.49%     90.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          245      3.29%     93.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          134      1.80%     95.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           90      1.21%     96.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           56      0.75%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           44      0.59%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          151      2.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          309                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       44.323625                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      34.778376                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      80.043122                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             274     88.67%     88.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            29      9.39%     98.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            3      0.97%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      0.65%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.32%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            309                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          309                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.983819                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.953232                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.023933                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               156     50.49%     50.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                10      3.24%     53.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               135     43.69%     97.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 8      2.59%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            309                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  879744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     6400                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   335872                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   886144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                341504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        107.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         40.96                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     108.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      41.64                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8199014000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      427432.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       357632                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       522112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       335872                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 43611610.918267868459                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 63669205.775094710290                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 40958076.968337468803                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5588                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         8258                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5336                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    189228250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    249257500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 185412026750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     33863.32                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30183.76                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  34747381.32                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              25504080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              13555740                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             44603580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            13237920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      647215920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1921273350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1531033440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4196424030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         511.735001                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3959413500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    273780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3967191500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              27753180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              14747370                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             53542860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            14156640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      647215920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1870351830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1573914720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4201682520                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         512.376251                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4071999250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    273780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3854605750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8200385000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8200385000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8200385000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           704353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               704353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          705141                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              705141                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          24540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              24540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         24886                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             24886                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    930255000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    930255000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    946637000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    946637000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       728893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           728893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       730027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          730027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.033667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37907.701711                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37907.701711                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38038.937555                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38038.937555                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12991                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12991                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         24540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    881175000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    881175000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    896865000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    896865000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35907.701711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35907.701711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36038.937555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36038.937555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      24630                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          414319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              414319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         14424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             14424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    420623000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    420623000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       428743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          428743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29161.328342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29161.328342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    391775000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    391775000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27161.328342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27161.328342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         290034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             290034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    509632000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    509632000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       300150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         300150                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033703                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033703                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50378.805852                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50378.805852                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    489400000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    489400000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033703                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033703                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48378.805852                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48378.805852                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     16382000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     16382000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47346.820809                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47346.820809                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15690000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15690000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45346.820809                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45346.820809                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8200385000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.182955                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  719008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 24630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 29.192367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.182955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                754913                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               754913                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8200385000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8200385000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8200385000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            5607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               14089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           5607                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8482                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              14089                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          8649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             25053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            25053                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    477304000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    720540000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1197844000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    477304000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    720540000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1197844000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           39142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          39142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.640054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.640054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55186.033067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43924.652524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47812.397717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55186.033067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43924.652524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47812.397717                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11542                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11542                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        25053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    460008000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    687732000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1147740000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    460008000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    687732000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1147740000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53186.264308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41924.652524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45812.477548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53186.264308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41924.652524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45812.477548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     33751                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           5607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              14089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            25053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    477304000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    720540000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1197844000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        14256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          39142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.640054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55186.033067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43924.652524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47812.397717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    460008000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    687732000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1147740000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.606692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53186.264308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41924.652524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45812.477548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12991                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8200385000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.827655                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  50506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                33751                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.496430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   159.644770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   128.694848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   219.488037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.311806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.251357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.428688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                86396                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               86396                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8200385000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                39142                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               39141                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12991                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        62763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        28511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   91274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2424128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       912320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3336448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            71275000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            104097000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           124430000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8200385000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8200385000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8200385000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8200385000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                13410150000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 107343                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34317016                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   213110                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    27.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              479801577                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000134                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5956276                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.013410                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13410150000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            650623                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000134                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5956276                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      702616                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           804                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      500961                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           491                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3917852                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           278                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         13410139                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   13410139                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3566479                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1867139                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       469919                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 214910                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        214910                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               322954                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              134368                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      120141                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5803799                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5803799                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11408247                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4700833                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      701412                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1202337                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     500925                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 41136      0.69%      0.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4553614     76.45%     77.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    16018      0.27%     77.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     17040      0.29%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2488      0.04%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     5062      0.08%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    56283      0.94%     78.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    25246      0.42%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   36494      0.61%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    744      0.01%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   676770     11.36%     91.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  440117      7.39%     98.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               24642      0.41%     98.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              60808      1.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5956496                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    34                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        10633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        12161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           22794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10633                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        12161                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          22794                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        12507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        15491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         27998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        12507                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15491                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        27998                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    865909000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1016809000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1882718000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    865909000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1016809000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1882718000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        27652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        50792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        27652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        50792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.540493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.560213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.551229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.540493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.560213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.551229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69233.948989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65638.693435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67244.731767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69233.948989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65638.693435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67244.731767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        11375                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            11375                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        27998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        27998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    840895000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    985827000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1826722000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    840895000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    985827000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1826722000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.540493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.560213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.551229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.540493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.560213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.551229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67233.948989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63638.693435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65244.731767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67233.948989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63638.693435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65244.731767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 30589                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        12161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          22794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        12507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15491                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        27998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    865909000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1016809000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1882718000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        27652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        50792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.540493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.560213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.551229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69233.948989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65638.693435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67244.731767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    840895000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    985827000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1826722000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.540493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.560213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.551229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67233.948989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63638.693435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65244.731767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19324                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19324                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19324                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19324                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13410150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1946.785920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              64295                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            30589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.101899                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   255.588218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   376.963374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1314.234328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.124799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.184064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.641716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.950579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          930                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          981                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           102753                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          102753                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13410150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3881065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3881065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3881065                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3881065                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          36787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              36787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         36787                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             36787                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1486045000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1486045000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1486045000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1486045000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3917852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3917852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.009390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.009390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40395.927909                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40395.927909                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40395.927909                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40395.927909                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         36787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1412471000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1412471000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1412471000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1412471000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38395.927909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38395.927909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38395.927909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38395.927909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      36531                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3881065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3881065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         36787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             36787                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1486045000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1486045000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3917852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.009390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 40395.927909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40395.927909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1412471000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1412471000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38395.927909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38395.927909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13410150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.116306                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3663595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 36531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                100.287290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.116306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.984829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3954639                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3954639                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13410150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               27998                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              27998                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        11375                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        67371                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        67371                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  67371                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2519872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2519872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2519872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            84873000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          152125750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13410150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          800448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          991424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1791872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       800448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         800448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       728000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           728000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            12507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            15491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                27998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         11375                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               11375                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           59689713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           73930866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              133620578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      59689713                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          59689713                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        54287238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              54287238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        54287238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          59689713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          73930866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             187907816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     10659.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     12507.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     15296.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002369786500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           624                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           624                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                70018                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               10032                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        27998                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       11375                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      27998                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     11375                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     195                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    716                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               3739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              4774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     427257500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   139015000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                948563750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      15367.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 34117.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     13267                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     7005                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  47.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 65.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  27998                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 11375                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    27783                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        18163                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     135.417277                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    101.250778                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    147.936678                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         11003     60.58%     60.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4693     25.84%     86.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1415      7.79%     94.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          402      2.21%     96.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          208      1.15%     97.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          130      0.72%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           82      0.45%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           66      0.36%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          164      0.90%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         18163                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          624                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       44.525641                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      38.603460                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      57.141563                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             563     90.22%     90.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            55      8.81%     99.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            3      0.48%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      0.32%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            624                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          624                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.043269                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.012014                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.033804                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               302     48.40%     48.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                11      1.76%     50.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               293     46.96%     97.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                18      2.88%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            624                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1779392                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    12480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   680640                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1791872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                728000                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        132.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         50.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     133.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      54.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    13409254000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      340569.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       800448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       978944                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       680640                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 59689712.643035314977                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 73000227.439663246274                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 50755584.389436364174                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        12507                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        15491                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        11375                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    447307500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    501256250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 311497531500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     35764.57                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     32357.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  27384398.37                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     52.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              67315920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              35775465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            102109140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            29414700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1058410080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4090029870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1705261920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7088317095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         528.578509                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4393078750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    447720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8569351250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              62389320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              33153120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             96404280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            26100000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1058410080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3929397600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1840531200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7046385600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         525.451662                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4742359750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    447720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8220070250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13410150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13410150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13410150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1158436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1158436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1159224                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1159224                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          43787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              43787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         44133                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             44133                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1742650000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1742650000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1759032000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1759032000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1202223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1202223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1203357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1203357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.036422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.036675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39798.341974                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39798.341974                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39857.521582                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39857.521582                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           23291                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 23291                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         43787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        44133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1655078000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1655078000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1670768000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1670768000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37798.387649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37798.387649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37857.566900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37857.566900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      43876                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          673835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              673835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         27616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             27616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    830393000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    830393000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       701451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          701451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.039370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30069.271437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30069.271437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    775161000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    775161000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28069.271437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28069.271437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         484601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             484601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    912257000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    912257000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       500772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         500772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032292                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56413.146992                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56413.146992                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    879917000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    879917000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032292                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032292                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54413.270670                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54413.270670                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     16382000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     16382000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47346.820809                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47346.820809                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15690000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15690000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45346.820809                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45346.820809                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13410150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.888866                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1189668                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 43876                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 27.114322                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.888866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1247489                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1247489                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13410150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13410150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13410150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           13647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           16480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               30127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          13647                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          16480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              30127                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         23140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         27653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50793                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1141715000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1345303000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2487018000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1141715000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1345303000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2487018000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           80920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          80920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.627694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.627694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49339.455488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48649.441290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48963.794224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49339.455488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48649.441290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48963.794224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          19324                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                19324                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1095435000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1289999000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2385434000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1095435000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1289999000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2385434000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47339.455488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46649.513615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46963.833599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47339.455488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46649.513615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46963.833599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     64659                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          13647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          16480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              30127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1141715000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1345303000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2487018000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        36787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        44133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          80920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.627694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49339.455488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48649.441290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48963.794224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1095435000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1289999000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2385434000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.629027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47339.455488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46649.513615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46963.833599                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23291                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13410150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.448587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 102737                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                64659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.588905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   150.260797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   107.379615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.808175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.293478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.209726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.491813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               169382                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              169382                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13410150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                80920                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               80919                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         23291                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       111556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        73574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  185130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4315072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2354368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6669440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           183935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            197375000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           220660000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13410150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13410150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13410150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  13410150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18327804000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 112692                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34320568                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   225028                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    35.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              516342198                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7987470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018328                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18327804000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            848986                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7987470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      963626                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          1591                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      669540                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           684                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5208357                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           286                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18327793                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18327793                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4704999                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2468393                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       597367                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 325453                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        325453                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               498888                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              215031                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      174914                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7750948                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7750948                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15430487                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6304822                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      962161                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1631647                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     669486                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 59903      0.75%      0.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6041955     75.64%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    23677      0.30%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     28451      0.36%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3311      0.04%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     9006      0.11%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    91967      1.15%     78.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        6      0.00%     78.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    41850      0.52%     78.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   54019      0.68%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   1916      0.02%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   920777     11.53%     91.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  591458      7.40%     98.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               41384      0.52%     99.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              78028      0.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7987742                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        17159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           36853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19694                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        17159                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          36853                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        18224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        21691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         39915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        18224                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        21691                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        39915                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1261727000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1435765000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2697492000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1261727000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1435765000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2697492000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        76768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        76768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.480616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.519943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.480616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.519943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69234.361282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66191.738509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67580.909433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69234.361282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66191.738509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67580.909433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        16209                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            16209                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        21691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        39915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        21691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        39915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1225279000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1392383000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2617662000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1225279000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1392383000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2617662000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.480616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.480616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67234.361282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64191.738509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65580.909433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67234.361282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64191.738509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65580.909433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 44560                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        17159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          36853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        18224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        21691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        39915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1261727000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1435765000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2697492000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        76768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.480616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.519943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69234.361282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66191.738509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67580.909433                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        21691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1225279000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1392383000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2617662000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.480616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67234.361282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64191.738509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65580.909433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        25866                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        25866                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        25866                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        25866                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18327804000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1973.943337                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              95932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            44560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.152873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   235.699408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   332.146054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1406.097875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.115088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.162181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.686571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          829                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1077                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           149242                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          149242                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18327804000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5149184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5149184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5149184                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5149184                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          59173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              59173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         59173                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             59173                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2265740000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2265740000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2265740000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2265740000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5208357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5208357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38290.098525                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38290.098525                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38290.098525                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38290.098525                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         59173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        59173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2147394000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2147394000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2147394000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2147394000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36290.098525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36290.098525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36290.098525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36290.098525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      58917                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5149184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5149184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         59173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             59173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2265740000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2265740000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5208357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38290.098525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38290.098525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2147394000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2147394000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36290.098525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36290.098525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18327804000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.158365                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4845083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 58917                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 82.235738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.158365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.988900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.988900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5267530                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5267530                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18327804000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               39915                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              39915                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16209                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        96039                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        96039                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  96039                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3591936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3591936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3591936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           120960000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          217189750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18327804000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1166336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1388224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2554560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1166336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1166336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1037376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1037376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            18224                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            21691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                39915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         16209                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               16209                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           63637520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           75744154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              139381674                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      63637520                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          63637520                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        56601216                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              56601216                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        56601216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          63637520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          75744154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             195982890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     14922.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     18224.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     21268.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002369786500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           872                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           872                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                99375                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               14048                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        39915                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       16209                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      39915                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     16209                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     423                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1287                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               4084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               5469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               3089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              7255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.52                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     626400750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   197460000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1366875750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      15861.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 34611.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     17596                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     9506                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  44.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 63.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  39915                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 16209                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    39472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     892                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        27279                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     127.540159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     98.038020                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    132.580322                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         17021     62.40%     62.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6930     25.40%     87.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2037      7.47%     95.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          537      1.97%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          268      0.98%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          150      0.55%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           98      0.36%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           73      0.27%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          165      0.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         27279                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          872                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       45.269495                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      40.289669                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      48.956384                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             778     89.22%     89.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            88     10.09%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            3      0.34%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      0.23%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            872                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          872                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.083716                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.053058                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.022642                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               402     46.10%     46.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                15      1.72%     47.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               435     49.89%     97.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                20      2.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            872                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2527488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    27072                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   953408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2554560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1037376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        137.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         52.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     139.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      56.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18327706000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      326557.37                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1166336                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1361152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       953408                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 63637520.348864488304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 74267053.488786771894                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 52019761.887457989156                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        18224                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        21691                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        16209                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    651793500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    715082250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 429524340750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     35765.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     32966.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  26499126.46                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     49.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             102801720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              54621435                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            153302940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            41211900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1446247920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6048446700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1944448320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9791080935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         534.220081                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4996570000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    611780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12719454000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              92027460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              48902370                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            128669940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            36550440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1446247920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5669858970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2263259040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9685516140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         528.460264                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5822657000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    611780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11893367000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18327804000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18327804000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18327804000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1569686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1569686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1570474                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1570474                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          62074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              62074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         62420                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             62420                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2468452000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2468452000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2484834000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2484834000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1631760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1631760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1632894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1632894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39766.278957                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39766.278957                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39808.298622                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39808.298622                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           31209                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 31209                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        62074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         62074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        62420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2344306000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2344306000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2359996000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2359996000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37766.311177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37766.311177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37808.330663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37808.330663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      62163                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          920906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              920906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         41555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             41555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1272541000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1272541000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       962461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          962461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.043176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30623.053784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30623.053784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1189433000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1189433000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28623.101913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28623.101913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         648780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             648780                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        20519                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            20519                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1195911000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1195911000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       669299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         669299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030657                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030657                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58283.103465                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58283.103465                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        20519                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1154873000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1154873000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030657                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030657                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56283.103465                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56283.103465                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               788                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             346                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     16382000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     16382000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1134                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47346.820809                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47346.820809                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15690000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15690000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305115                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45346.820809                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45346.820809                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18327804000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.187002                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1616647                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 62163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 26.006579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.187002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1695313                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1695313                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18327804000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18327804000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18327804000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           21255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           23569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               44824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          21255                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          23569                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              44824                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         37918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         38851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             76769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            76769                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1718213000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1897433000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3615646000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1718213000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1897433000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3615646000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        62420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          121593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        62420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         121593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.631360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.631360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45313.914236                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48838.717150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47097.734763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45313.914236                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48838.717150                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47097.734763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          25866                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                25866                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        76769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        76769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1642377000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1819733000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3462110000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1642377000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1819733000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3462110000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.631360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.631360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43313.914236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46838.768629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45097.760815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43313.914236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46838.768629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45097.760815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     95439                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          21255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          23569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              44824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            76769                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1718213000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1897433000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3615646000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        59173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        62420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         121593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.631360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45313.914236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48838.717150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47097.734763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        76769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1642377000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1819733000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3462110000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.631360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43313.914236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46838.768629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45097.760815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        31209                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        31209                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        31209                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        31209                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18327804000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.133173                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 151392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                95439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.586270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   144.812439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   103.765966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   261.554769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.282837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.202668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.510849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          350                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               248753                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              248753                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18327804000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               121593                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              121592                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         31209                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       156048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       118346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  274394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5992192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3787072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9779264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           295865000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            277638000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           312095000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18327804000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18327804000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18327804000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18327804000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                23244597000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 112098                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34331368                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   223400                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    44.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              521126152                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000054                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9964621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.023245                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23244597000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1055699                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000054                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9964621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1147119                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2191                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      866731                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           920                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6485959                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           358                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         23244586                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   23244586                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5795674                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3170761                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       758214                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 397313                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        397313                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               607476                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              262216                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      209128                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9679458                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9679458                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19081580                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7846864                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1145402                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2012033                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     866631                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 70097      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7567780     75.94%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    34402      0.35%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     34270      0.34%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4104      0.04%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10876      0.11%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110565      1.11%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    51712      0.52%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   66830      0.67%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2218      0.02%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1094058     10.98%     90.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  771832      7.75%     98.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51344      0.52%     99.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              94799      0.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9964945                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        25275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        19653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           44928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        25275                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        19653                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          44928                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        23682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        32163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         55845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        23682                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        32163                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        55845                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1644042000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2110349000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   3754391000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1644042000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2110349000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   3754391000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        51816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       100773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        51816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       100773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.620716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.554166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.620716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.554166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69421.586015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65614.184000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67228.776077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69421.586015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65614.184000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67228.776077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        24705                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            24705                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        55845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23682                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        55845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1596678000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2046023000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3642701000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1596678000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2046023000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3642701000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483731                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.620716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.554166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483731                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.620716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.554166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67421.586015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63614.184000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65228.776077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67421.586015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63614.184000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65228.776077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 62670                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        25275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        19653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          44928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        23682                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        32163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        55845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1644042000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2110349000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3754391000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        51816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       100773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.620716                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.554166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69421.586015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65614.184000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67228.776077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1596678000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2046023000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3642701000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.620716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.554166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67421.586015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63614.184000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65228.776077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35739                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35739                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35739                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35739                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23244597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1989.608108                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             132928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            62670                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.121079                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   230.939677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   299.685907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1458.982524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.112764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.146331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.712394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.971488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          335                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1676                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           201230                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          201230                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23244597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6411143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6411143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6411143                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6411143                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          74816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              74816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         74816                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             74816                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2916234000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2916234000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2916234000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2916234000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6485959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6485959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38978.747861                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38978.747861                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38978.747861                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38978.747861                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         74816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        74816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2766602000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2766602000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2766602000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2766602000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36978.747861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36978.747861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36978.747861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36978.747861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      74560                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6411143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6411143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         74816                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             74816                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2916234000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2916234000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6485959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 38978.747861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38978.747861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        74816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2766602000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2766602000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36978.747861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36978.747861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23244597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.759440                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6103182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 74560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 81.855982                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.759440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6560775                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6560775                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23244597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               55845                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              55845                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        24705                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       136395                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       136395                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 136395                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      5155200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      5155200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5155200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           179370000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          303446250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23244597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1515648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2058432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3574080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1515648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1515648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1581120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1581120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            23682                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            32163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                55845                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         24705                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               24705                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           65204314                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           88555289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              153759603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      65204314                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          65204314                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        68020968                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              68020968                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        68020968                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          65204314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          88555289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             221780571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     22973.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     23682.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     31652.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002369786500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1330                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1330                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               140667                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               21653                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        55845                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       24705                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      55845                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     24705                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     511                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1732                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               5285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               7155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               4186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              3119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              3500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              9831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               2019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     854822500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   276670000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1892335000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      15448.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 34198.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     25999                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    15348                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  46.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 66.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  55845                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 24705                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    55312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        36930                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     135.640834                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    100.162334                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    155.078824                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         22918     62.06%     62.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9161     24.81%     86.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2720      7.37%     94.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          738      2.00%     96.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          400      1.08%     97.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          236      0.64%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          164      0.44%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          143      0.39%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          450      1.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         36930                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1330                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       41.593985                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      36.493929                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      41.461512                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            1198     90.08%     90.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           126      9.47%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            3      0.23%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      0.15%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1330                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1330                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.251128                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.221990                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.995144                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               502     37.74%     37.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                23      1.73%     39.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               774     58.20%     97.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                31      2.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1330                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3541376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    32704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1468416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3574080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1581120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        152.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         63.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     153.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      68.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    23244377000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      288570.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1515648                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2025728                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1468416                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 65204313.931534282863                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 87148338.170801594853                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 63172357.860194355249                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        23682                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        32163                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        24705                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    851342750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1040992250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 547395737500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     35948.94                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     32366.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  22157285.47                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     52.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             141222060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              75057510                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            215428080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            61439400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1834700400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7861457670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2305750560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12495055680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         537.546669                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5916432250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    776100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  16552064750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             122465280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              65091840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            179656680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            58328280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1834700400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7401117120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2693405760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12354765360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         531.511274                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6918365750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    776100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  15550131250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23244597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23244597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23244597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1931013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1931013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1932913                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1932913                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          79881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              79881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         80613                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             80613                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3418626000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3418626000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3463380000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3463380000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2010894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2010894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2013526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2013526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.039724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.040036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42796.484771                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42796.484771                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42963.045663                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42963.045663                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           42467                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 42467                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        79881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         79881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        80613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3258866000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3258866000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3302156000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3302156000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40796.509808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40796.509808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40963.070473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40963.070473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      80356                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1093667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1093667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         50782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             50782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1612160000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1612160000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1144449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1144449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.044372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31746.681895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31746.681895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        50782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1510596000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1510596000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29746.681895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29746.681895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         837346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             837346                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        29099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            29099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1806466000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1806466000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       866445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         866445                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033584                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62080.002749                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62080.002749                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        29099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1748270000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1748270000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033584                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033584                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60080.071480                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60080.071480                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     44754000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     44754000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61139.344262                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61139.344262                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     43290000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43290000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59139.344262                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59139.344262                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23244597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.358971                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2009436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 80356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.006670                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.358971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2094138                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2094138                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23244597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23244597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23244597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           25859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           28796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               54655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          25859                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          28796                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              54655                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         48957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         51817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            100774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           100774                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2233119000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2719631000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4952750000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2233119000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2719631000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4952750000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          155429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         155429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.648360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.648360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45613.885655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52485.304051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49147.101435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45613.885655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52485.304051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49147.101435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          35739                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                35739                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2135205000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2615999000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4751204000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2135205000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2615999000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4751204000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648360                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648360                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43613.885655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50485.342648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47147.121281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43613.885655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50485.342648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47147.121281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    123540                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          25859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          28796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              54655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           100774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2233119000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2719631000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4952750000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        74816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        80613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         155429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.648360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 45613.885655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52485.304051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49147.101435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2135205000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2615999000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4751204000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.642787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 43613.885655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50485.342648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47147.121281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        42467                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23244597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.528052                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 197127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               123540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.595653                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   135.143491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    96.779485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   278.605076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.263952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.189022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.544151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          335                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               321948                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              321948                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23244597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               155429                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              155428                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         42467                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       203692                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       149632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  353324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7877056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4788224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 12665280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           374080000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            367764000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           403060000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23244597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23244597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23244597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  23244597000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                27974444000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 113945                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34345608                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   226124                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    52.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              531255545                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000022                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11907034                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.027974                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 27974444000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1315096                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000022                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11907034                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1320747                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2270                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1022322                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1055                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7829158                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           437                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         27974433                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   27974433                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7074222                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3884174                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       972517                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 400136                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        400136                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               611149                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              263436                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      237438                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11615726                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11615726                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22533912                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9370599                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1319015                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2341238                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1022223                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 71363      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9177004     77.07%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    35107      0.29%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35133      0.30%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4154      0.03%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10876      0.09%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110949      0.93%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    51896      0.44%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   67364      0.57%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2218      0.02%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1267469     10.64%     90.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  926005      7.78%     98.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51546      0.43%     99.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96218      0.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11907360                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        25789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        22957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           48746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        25789                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        22957                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          48746                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        30417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        37685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         68102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        30417                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        37685                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        68102                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2128822000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2448185000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   4577007000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2128822000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2448185000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   4577007000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        60642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       116848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        60642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       116848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.541170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.621434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.582826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.541170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.621434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.582826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69987.901502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64964.442086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67208.114299                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69987.901502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64964.442086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67208.114299                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        30602                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            30602                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        68102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37685                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        68102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2067988000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2372815000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4440803000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2067988000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2372815000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4440803000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.541170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.621434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.582826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.541170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.621434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.582826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67987.901502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62964.442086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65208.114299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67987.901502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62964.442086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65208.114299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 75430                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        25789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        22957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          48746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        30417                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        37685                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        68102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2128822000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2448185000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4577007000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        60642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       116848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.541170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.621434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.582826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69987.901502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64964.442086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67208.114299                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        68102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2067988000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2372815000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4440803000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.541170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.621434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.582826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67987.901502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62964.442086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65208.114299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        41640                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        41640                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        41640                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        41640                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27974444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1999.480859                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             151941                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            75430                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.014331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   219.405999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   309.451596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1470.623263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.107132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.151099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.718078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.976309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1996                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           235966                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          235966                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27974444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7726971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7726971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7726971                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7726971                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         102187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             102187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        102187                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            102187                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3827251000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3827251000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3827251000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3827251000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7829158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7829158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7829158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7829158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37453.404053                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37453.404053                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37453.404053                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37453.404053                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        102187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       102187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3622877000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3622877000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3622877000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3622877000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35453.404053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35453.404053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35453.404053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35453.404053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     101931                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7726971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7726971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        102187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            102187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3827251000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3827251000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7829158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7829158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37453.404053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37453.404053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       102187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3622877000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3622877000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35453.404053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35453.404053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27974444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.138268                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7541575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                101931                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 73.987060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.138268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7931345                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7931345                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27974444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               68102                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              68102                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        30602                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       166806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       166806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 166806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      6317056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      6317056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6317056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           221112000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          369931000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27974444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1946688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2411840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             4358528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1946688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1946688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1958528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1958528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            30417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            37685                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                68102                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         30602                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               30602                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           69588085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           86215833                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              155803919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      69588085                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          69588085                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        70011329                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              70011329                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        70011329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          69588085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          86215833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             225815248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     28867.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     30417.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     37169.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004149456500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1664                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1664                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               172176                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               27252                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        68102                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       30602                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      68102                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     30602                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     516                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1735                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               5817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               7639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               4757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              3377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              5551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              7414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             10150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               2073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               2062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               2570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1038070750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   337930000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2305308250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      15359.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 34109.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     33166                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    20336                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  49.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 70.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  68102                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 30602                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    67564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    1077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    1105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        42921                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     143.775960                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    103.257277                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    173.501964                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         25447     59.29%     59.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11714     27.29%     86.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2900      6.76%     93.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          839      1.95%     95.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          486      1.13%     96.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          303      0.71%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          215      0.50%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          212      0.49%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          805      1.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         42921                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1664                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       40.317909                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      32.410496                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      78.914184                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           1654     99.40%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.30%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.06%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.06%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.06%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1664                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1664                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.331130                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.303594                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.966221                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               560     33.65%     33.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                25      1.50%     35.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              1047     62.92%     98.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                32      1.92%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1664                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 4325504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    33024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1845696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  4358528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1958528                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        154.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         65.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     155.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      70.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    27974118000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      283414.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1946688                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2378816                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1845696                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 69588085.468293845654                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 85035327.243679985404                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 65977933.287968114018                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        30417                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        37685                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        30602                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1110345250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1194963000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 637096784000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     36504.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     31709.25                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  20818795.63                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     55.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             175351260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              93193815                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            279359640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            78106860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2207786880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        9413385840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2815125120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         15062309415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         538.431056                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7222448250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    933920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  19818075750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             131118960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              69691380                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            203204400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            72432720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2207786880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7907702340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4083069120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14675005800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         524.586147                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10522685000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    933920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16517839000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27974444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27974444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27974444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2250916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2250916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2252816                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2252816                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          89195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              89195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         89927                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             89927                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3920440000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3920440000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3965194000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3965194000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2340111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2340111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2342743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2342743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43953.584842                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43953.584842                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44093.475819                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44093.475819                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           48282                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 48282                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        89195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         89195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3742052000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3742052000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3785342000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3785342000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41953.607265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41953.607265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42093.498060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42093.498060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      89670                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1263357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1263357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         54720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             54720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1706500000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1706500000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1318077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1318077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.041515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31186.038012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31186.038012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        54720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1597062000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1597062000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29186.074561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29186.074561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         987559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             987559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34475                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34475                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2213940000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2213940000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1022034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1022034                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64218.709210                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64218.709210                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34475                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2144990000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2144990000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033732                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033732                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62218.709210                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62218.709210                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1900                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             732                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     44754000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     44754000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2632                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61139.344262                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61139.344262                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          732                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     43290000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43290000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278116                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59139.344262                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59139.344262                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27974444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.467354                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2113983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 89670                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.575142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.467354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2432669                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2432669                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27974444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27974444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27974444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           45981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           29284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               75265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          45981                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          29284                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              75265                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         56206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         60643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            116849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           116849                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2798666000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3161161000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5959827000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2798666000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3161161000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5959827000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          192114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         192114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.608227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.608227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49793.011422                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52127.384859                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51004.518652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49793.011422                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52127.384859                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51004.518652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          41640                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                41640                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       116849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       116849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2686254000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3039877000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5726131000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2686254000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3039877000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5726131000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47793.011422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50127.417839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49004.535768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47793.011422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50127.417839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49004.535768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    140551                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          45981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          29284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              75265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           116849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2798666000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3161161000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5959827000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       102187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        89927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         192114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.608227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49793.011422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52127.384859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51004.518652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       116849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2686254000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3039877000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5726131000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.550031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.674358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47793.011422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50127.417839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49004.535768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        48282                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27974444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.776925                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 221466                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               140551                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.575699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   124.632486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   112.743468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   273.400972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.243423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.220202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.533986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          461                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               381459                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              381459                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27974444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               192114                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              192113                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         48282                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       228135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       204374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  432509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8845312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6539968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 15385280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           510935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            433524000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           449630000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27974444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27974444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27974444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  27974444000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                32628849000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 123698                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34352512                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   243124                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    56.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              576585507                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13758336                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.032629                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 32628849000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1559791                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13758336                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1536925                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2294                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1130863                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1063                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9150497                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           468                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         32628849                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   32628849                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8433557                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4555849                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1161276                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 400136                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        400136                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               611149                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              263436                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      275373                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13462034                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13462034                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25994847                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10864806                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1535194                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2665957                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1130763                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 72581      0.53%      0.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10701249     77.78%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    36227      0.26%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35133      0.26%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4154      0.03%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10876      0.08%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110949      0.81%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    51896      0.38%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   67364      0.49%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2218      0.02%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1483648     10.78%     91.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1034545      7.52%     98.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               51546      0.37%     99.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96218      0.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13758662                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        27986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        30177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           58163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        27986                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        30177                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          58163                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        37407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        39436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         76843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        37407                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        39436                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        76843                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2631916000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2563381000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   5195297000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2631916000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2563381000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   5195297000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       135006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       135006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.572034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.566503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.569182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.572034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.566503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.569182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70358.916780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65001.039659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67609.242221                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70358.916780                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65001.039659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67609.242221                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        31851                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            31851                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        76843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        76843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2557102000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2484509000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5041611000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2557102000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2484509000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5041611000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.572034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.566503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.569182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.572034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.566503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.569182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68358.916780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63001.039659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65609.242221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68358.916780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63001.039659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65609.242221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 84914                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        27986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        30177                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          58163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        37407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        39436                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        76843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2631916000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2563381000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5195297000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       135006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.572034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.566503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.569182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70358.916780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65001.039659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67609.242221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        76843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2557102000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2484509000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5041611000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.572034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.566503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.569182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68358.916780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63001.039659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65609.242221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        44902                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        44902                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        44902                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        44902                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32628849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2006.401965                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             179908                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            86962                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.068812                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   224.267796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   341.312671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1440.821498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.109506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.166657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.703526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          578                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1455                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           266870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          266870                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32628849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9013236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9013236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9013236                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9013236                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         137261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             137261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        137261                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            137261                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4879240000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4879240000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4879240000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4879240000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9150497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9150497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35547.169261                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35547.169261                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35547.169261                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35547.169261                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        137261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       137261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4604718000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4604718000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4604718000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4604718000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33547.169261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33547.169261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33547.169261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33547.169261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     137005                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9013236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9013236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        137261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            137261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4879240000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4879240000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9150497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.015000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35547.169261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35547.169261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       137261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4604718000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4604718000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33547.169261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33547.169261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32628849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.403838                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9150497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                137261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 66.664945                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.403838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9287758                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9287758                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32628849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               76843                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              76843                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        31851                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       185537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       185537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 185537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      6956416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      6956416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6956416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           236098000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          417936750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32628849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         2394048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2523904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             4917952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2394048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        2394048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2038464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2038464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            37407                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            39436                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                76843                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         31851                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               31851                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           73372125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           77351916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              150724042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      73372125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          73372125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        62474285                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              62474285                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        62474285                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          73372125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          77351916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             213198326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     29783.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     37407.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     38891.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004826086500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1717                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1717                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               192025                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               28124                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        76843                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       31851                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      76843                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     31851                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     545                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   2068                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               5944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               3050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               7818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               4766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              3401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              7467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             12363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             10291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               2087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               2076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               2607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              2002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1200547000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   381490000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2631134500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      15734.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 34484.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     36781                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    20952                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  48.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 70.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  76843                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 31851                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    76276                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    1114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    1143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        48329                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     140.453310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    102.613047                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    166.011649                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         28419     58.80%     58.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        13797     28.55%     87.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3186      6.59%     93.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          872      1.80%     95.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          498      1.03%     96.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          312      0.65%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          218      0.45%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          216      0.45%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          811      1.68%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         48329                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1717                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       44.434479                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      32.891270                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     110.332819                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           1701     99.07%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.29%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.12%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.06%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.12%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.12%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            2      0.12%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            2      0.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1717                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1717                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.334886                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.307379                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.965742                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               575     33.49%     33.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                26      1.51%     35.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              1082     63.02%     98.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                34      1.98%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1717                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 4883072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    34880                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1904896                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  4917952                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2038464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        149.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         58.38                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     150.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      62.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    32605412000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      299974.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      2394048                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2489024                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1904896                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 73372125.385115474463                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 76282923.740276589990                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 58380729.274268910289                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        37407                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        39436                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        31851                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1379217500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1251917000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 764396582750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     36870.57                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     31745.54                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  23999139.20                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     54.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             205746240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             109356720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            329853720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            79375320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2575341600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       11044362180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3228962880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         17572998660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         538.572435                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8283099750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1089400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  23256349250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             139322820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              74051835                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            214914000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            75992760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2575341600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        8408878260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5448317760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         16936819035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         519.074977                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14067174750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1089400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  17472274250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32628849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32628849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32628849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2556253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2556253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2564383                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2564383                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          99355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              99355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        103079                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            103079                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4148756000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4148756000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4310243000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4310243000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2655608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2655608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2667462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2667462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.037413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41756.891953                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41756.891953                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41814.947759                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41814.947759                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           52259                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 52259                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        99355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         99355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       103079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3950046000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3950046000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4104085000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4104085000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39756.891953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39756.891953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39814.947759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39814.947759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     102823                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1461140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1461140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         63893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             63893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1890642000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1890642000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1525033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1525033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.041896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29590.753291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29590.753291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        63893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1762856000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1762856000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27590.753291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27590.753291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1095113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1095113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2258114000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2258114000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1130575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1130575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031366                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031366                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63677.006373                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63677.006373                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2187190000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2187190000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031366                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031366                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61677.006373                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61677.006373                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8130                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8130                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         3724                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3724                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    161487000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total    161487000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11854                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         11854                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.314156                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.314156                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43363.856069                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43363.856069                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3724                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         3724                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    154039000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    154039000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.314156                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314156                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41363.856069                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41363.856069                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32628849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.543335                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2667462                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                103079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.877841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.543335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2770541                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2770541                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32628849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32628849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32628849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           71868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           33466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              105334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          71868                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          33466                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             105334                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         65393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         69613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            135006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           135006                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3407211000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3389478000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6796689000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3407211000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3389478000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6796689000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          240340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         240340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.561729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.561729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52103.604361                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48690.302099                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50343.606951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52103.604361                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48690.302099                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50343.606951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          44902                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                44902                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       135006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       135006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3276425000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3250252000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6526677000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3276425000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3250252000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6526677000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50103.604361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46690.302099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48343.606951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50103.604361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46690.302099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48343.606951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    161841                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          71868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          33466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             105334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           135006                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3407211000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3389478000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6796689000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       137261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       103079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         240340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.561729                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52103.604361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48690.302099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50343.606951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        65393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        69613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       135006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3276425000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3250252000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6526677000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.476414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.675336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.561729                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50103.604361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46690.302099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48343.606951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        52259                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32628849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.951393                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 292599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               162353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.802240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   122.776375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   130.087945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   258.087073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.239798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.254078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.504076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               454952                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              454952                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32628849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               240340                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              240340                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         52259                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       258417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       274522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  532939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9941632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8784704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 18726336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           686305000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            501635000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           515395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32628849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32628849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  32628849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  32628849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
