
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4447826000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 256213                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1339012                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   486255                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     3.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1139500340                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000024                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1897984                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004448                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4447826000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            223657                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000024                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1897984                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      224662                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            81                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      144211                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            45                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1309643                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           177                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4447815                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4447815                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1153911                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              616673                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       165985                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  24024                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         24024                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                38683                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               19045                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       38890                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1874791                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1874791                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3674306                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1506926                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      224364                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        368510                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     144146                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7478      0.39%      0.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1502910     79.18%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      314      0.02%     79.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       217      0.01%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      77      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     9070      0.48%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      138      0.01%     80.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4544      0.24%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    4704      0.25%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   219921     11.59%     92.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  143441      7.56%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4443      0.23%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                705      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1897999                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    29                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4447826000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4447826000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1295667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1295667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1295667                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1295667                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13976                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13976                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    763507000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    763507000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    763507000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    763507000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1309643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1309643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54629.865484                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54629.865484                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54629.865484                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54629.865484                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    735555000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    735555000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    735555000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    735555000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52629.865484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52629.865484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52629.865484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52629.865484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13720                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1295667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1295667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    763507000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    763507000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1309643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010672                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54629.865484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54629.865484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    735555000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    735555000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52629.865484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52629.865484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4447826000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.234160                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1213720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 88.463557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.234160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.985290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1323619                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1323619                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4447826000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               12939                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              12939                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2729                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        28607                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        28607                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  28607                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1002752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1002752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1002752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            26584000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           69220000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4447826000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          590784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          237312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              828096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       590784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         590784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       174656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           174656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             9231                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3708                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                12939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2729                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2729                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          132825340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           53354605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              186179945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     132825340                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         132825340                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        39267723                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              39267723                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        39267723                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         132825340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          53354605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             225447668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1818.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      9231.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3194.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000645774500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           104                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           104                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                28668                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1696                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        12939                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2729                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      12939                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2729                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     514                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    911                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13                75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     130361250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    62125000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                363330000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10491.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29241.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7911                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1474                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  63.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  12939                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2729                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    12412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     188.109181                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    135.725664                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    187.425410                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1892     39.12%     39.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1783     36.87%     75.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          563     11.64%     87.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          247      5.11%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          120      2.48%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           75      1.55%     96.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           52      1.08%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           26      0.54%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           78      1.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          104                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      118.375000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      82.939964                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     124.666093                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              13     12.50%     12.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             29     27.88%     40.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             19     18.27%     58.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            14     13.46%     72.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            7      6.73%     78.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            5      4.81%     83.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            6      5.77%     89.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            1      0.96%     90.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            3      2.88%     93.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            1      0.96%     94.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.96%     95.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            2      1.92%     97.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.96%     98.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.96%     99.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::864-895            1      0.96%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            104                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          104                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.288462                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.262533                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.941730                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                34     32.69%     32.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 7      6.73%     39.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                62     59.62%     99.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.96%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            104                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  795200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    32896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   115072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   828096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                174656                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        178.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         25.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     186.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      39.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4447643000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      283867.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       590784                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       204416                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       115072                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 132825339.840182587504                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 45958632.374557815492                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 25871515.657312132418                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3708                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2729                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    264059500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     99270500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 102102854000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28605.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26771.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  37414017.59                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              12430740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6599505                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             26910660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             4473540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      350959440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1423752270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         509016000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2334142155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         524.782704                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1309654500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    148460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2989711500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              22112580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              11753115                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             61803840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4912020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      350959440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1719093780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         260307360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2430942135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         546.546141                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    661727750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    148460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3637638250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4447826000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4447826000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4447826000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           359957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               359957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          360032                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              360032                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          8826                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              8826                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    342904000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    342904000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    342904000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    342904000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       368783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           368783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       368858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          368858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.023933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.023928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38851.574892                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38851.574892                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38851.574892                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38851.574892                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            4335                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  4335                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    325254000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    325254000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    325254000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    325254000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36851.801496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36851.801496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36851.801496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36851.801496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       8569                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          218597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              218597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          5990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              5990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207266000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    207266000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       224587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          224587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.026671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34602.003339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34602.003339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    195288000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    195288000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32602.337229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32602.337229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         141360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             141360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    135638000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    135638000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       144196                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         144196                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019668                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019668                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47827.221439                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47827.221439                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    129966000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129966000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019668                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019668                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45827.221439                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45827.221439                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4447826000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               249.413794                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  338829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  8569                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 39.541253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   249.413794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.974273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.974273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                377683                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               377683                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4447826000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4447826000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4447826000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            4745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                9862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           4745                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5117                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               9862                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             12940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3709                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            12940                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    636620000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    243714000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    880334000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    636620000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    243714000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    880334000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           22802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          22802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.567494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.567494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68965.442531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65708.816393                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68031.993818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68965.442531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65708.816393                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68031.993818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2729                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2729                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    618158000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    236298000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    854456000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    618158000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    236298000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    854456000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66965.442531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63709.355621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66032.148377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66965.442531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63709.355621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66032.148377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     14800                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           4745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               9862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            12940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    636620000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    243714000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    880334000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          22802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.567494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68965.442531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65708.816393                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68031.993818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    618158000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    236298000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    854456000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.660489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66965.442531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63709.355621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66032.148377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4335                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4335                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4335                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4335                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4447826000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              501.249995                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  24594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                14800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.661757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    88.530466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   248.293105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   164.426424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.172911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.484947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.321145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.979004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                42449                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               42449                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4447826000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                22802                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               22801                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          4335                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        21986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        27952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   49938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       842240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       894464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1736704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            69880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             44477000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            44125000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4447826000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4447826000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4447826000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4447826000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8797239000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 243338                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1340356                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   456618                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     8.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1070057901                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000467                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3753947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008797                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8797239000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            446298                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000467                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3753947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      468436                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      271222                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            63                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2600713                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           178                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8797228                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8797228                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2304360                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1247663                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       335300                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  41819                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         41819                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                67125                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               33216                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       71600                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3713499                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3713499                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7308226                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2994959                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      467935                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        739025                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     271090                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 12548      0.33%      0.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2969376     79.10%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      438      0.01%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       322      0.01%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     151      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    15174      0.40%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      276      0.01%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     8146      0.22%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    8445      0.22%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  54      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   459947     12.25%     92.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  270122      7.20%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                7988      0.21%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                968      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3753971                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    29                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8797239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8797239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2572112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2572112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2572112                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2572112                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          28601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              28601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         28601                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             28601                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1492076000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1492076000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1492076000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1492076000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2600713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2600713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2600713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2600713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52168.665431                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52168.665431                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52168.665431                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52168.665431                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         28601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1434874000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1434874000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1434874000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1434874000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50168.665431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50168.665431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50168.665431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50168.665431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28345                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2572112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2572112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         28601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             28601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1492076000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1492076000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2600713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2600713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52168.665431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52168.665431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1434874000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1434874000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50168.665431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50168.665431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8797239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.096016                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2453937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28345                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 86.573893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.096016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2629314                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2629314                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8797239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               25033                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              25033                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4715                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        54781                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        54781                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  54781                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1903872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1903872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1903872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            48608000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          133733000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8797239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1147200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          454912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1602112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1147200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1147200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       301760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           301760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            17925                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                25033                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4715                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4715                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          130404551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           51710770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              182115320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     130404551                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         130404551                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        34301671                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              34301671                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        34301671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         130404551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          51710770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             216416992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3065.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     17925.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6051.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001566074500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           176                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           176                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                54831                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2878                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        25033                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4715                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      25033                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4715                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1057                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1650                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               3618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.74                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     239436250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   119880000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                688986250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9986.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28736.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     15436                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2517                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  25033                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4715                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    23957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         9069                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     190.630941                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    135.313432                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    196.154264                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3636     40.09%     40.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3221     35.52%     75.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1065     11.74%     87.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          435      4.80%     92.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          242      2.67%     94.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          134      1.48%     96.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           98      1.08%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           55      0.61%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          183      2.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          9069                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          176                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      136.079545                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      94.411076                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     134.371189                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              18     10.23%     10.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             41     23.30%     33.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             33     18.75%     52.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            23     13.07%     65.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           14      7.95%     73.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            9      5.11%     78.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            9      5.11%     83.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            3      1.70%     85.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            8      4.55%     89.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            4      2.27%     92.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            1      0.57%     92.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            3      1.70%     94.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            3      1.70%     96.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.57%     96.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.57%     97.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.57%     97.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-607            1      0.57%     98.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::608-639            1      0.57%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.57%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::864-895            1      0.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            176                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          176                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.329545                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.302904                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.952849                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                57     32.39%     32.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 7      3.98%     36.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               109     61.93%     98.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      1.70%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            176                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1534464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    67648                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   195200                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1602112                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                301760                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        174.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         22.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     182.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      34.30                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8795360000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      295662.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1147200                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       387264                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       195200                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 130404550.791447177529                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 44021084.342485181987                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 22188779.911515418440                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7108                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4715                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    500527750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    188458500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 209554779500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27923.44                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26513.58                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  44444279.85                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     66.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              25568340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              13586100                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             55763400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             7908300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      693928560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2920390440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         918864000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4636009140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         526.984562                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2361041750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    293540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6142657250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              39212880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              20830755                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            115425240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             8012700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      693928560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3220093590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         666482400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4763986125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         541.531965                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1704181500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    293540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6799517500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8797239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8797239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8797239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           722708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               722708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          722783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              722783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          16851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              16851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         16851                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             16851                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    653793000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    653793000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    653793000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    653793000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       739559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           739559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       739634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          739634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.022785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38798.468934                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38798.468934                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38798.468934                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38798.468934                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7446                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7446                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         16851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    620093000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    620093000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    620093000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    620093000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36798.587621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36798.587621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36798.587621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36798.587621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      16594                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          456585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              456585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         11776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             11776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    436123000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    436123000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       468361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          468361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37034.901495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37034.901495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    412573000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    412573000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35035.071332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35035.071332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         266123                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             266123                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5075                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5075                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    217670000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    217670000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       271198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         271198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018713                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018713                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42890.640394                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42890.640394                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207520000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    207520000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018713                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018713                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40890.640394                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40890.640394                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8797239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.670058                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  700280                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 16594                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 42.200795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.670058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.986992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.986992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                756484                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               756484                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8797239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8797239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8797239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           10676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               20418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          10676                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9742                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              20418                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         17925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          7109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             25034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            25034                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1223749000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    464654000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1688403000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1223749000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    464654000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1688403000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           45452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          45452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.550779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.550779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68270.516039                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65361.372908                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67444.395622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68270.516039                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65361.372908                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67444.395622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4715                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4715                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        25034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1187899000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    450438000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1638337000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1187899000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    450438000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1638337000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66270.516039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63361.654241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65444.475513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66270.516039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63361.654241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65444.475513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     28614                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          10676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9742                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              20418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            25034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1223749000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    464654000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1688403000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        28601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          45452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.550779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68270.516039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65361.372908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67444.395622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1187899000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    450438000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1638337000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.626726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.421874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66270.516039                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63361.654241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65444.475513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7446                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7446                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7446                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7446                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8797239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.564868                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  50332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                28614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.758999                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    75.981109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   249.066669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   181.517091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.148401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.486458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.354526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.989385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                82024                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               82024                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8797239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                45452                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               45451                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7446                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41147                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        57202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   98349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1554944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1830464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3385408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           143005000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             82682000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            84250000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8797239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8797239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8797239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8797239000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                13429414000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 221463                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1340896                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   413525                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    13.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              991293813                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000144                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5602147                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.013429                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13429414000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            663189                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000144                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5602147                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      692387                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      418160                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            77                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3912749                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           179                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         13429403                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   13429403                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3411540                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1861756                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       498332                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  54853                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         54853                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                88114                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               43718                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      100834                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5546454                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5546454                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10948334                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4464809                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      691678                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1109633                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     417955                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 17736      0.32%      0.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4431323     79.10%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      620      0.01%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       406      0.01%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     222      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20300      0.36%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      282      0.01%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    10526      0.19%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   10985      0.20%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 129      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   681279     12.16%     92.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  416762      7.44%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               10399      0.19%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1193      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5602178                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    29                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13429414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13429414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3864594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3864594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3864594                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3864594                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          48155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              48155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         48155                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             48155                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2477627000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2477627000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2477627000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2477627000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3912749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3912749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51451.085038                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51451.085038                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51451.085038                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51451.085038                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         48155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2381319000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2381319000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2381319000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2381319000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49451.126570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49451.126570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49451.126570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49451.126570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      47898                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3864594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3864594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         48155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             48155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2477627000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2477627000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3912749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51451.085038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51451.085038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2381319000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2381319000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49451.126570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49451.126570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13429414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.752753                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3664782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 47898                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 76.512213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.752753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3960903                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3960903                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13429414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               40304                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              40304                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        86882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        86882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  86882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2980992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      2980992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2980992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            71674000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          215113000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13429414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1909760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          669696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2579456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1909760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1909760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       401536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           401536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            29840                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            10464                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                40304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6274                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6274                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          142207247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           49867850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              192075097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     142207247                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         142207247                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        29899741                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              29899741                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        29899741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         142207247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          49867850                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             221974838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4061.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     29840.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      8901.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001566074500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           233                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           233                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                87078                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3802                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        40304                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6274                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      40304                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6274                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1563                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   2213                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               5539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               3853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               4035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               6205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              3235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     371182000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   193705000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1097575750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9581.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28331.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     25578                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3308                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  66.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  40304                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6274                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    38712                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        13880                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     197.168876                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    138.689454                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    201.761028                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5434     39.15%     39.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4892     35.24%     74.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1598     11.51%     85.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          717      5.17%     91.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          445      3.21%     94.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          250      1.80%     96.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          170      1.22%     97.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          100      0.72%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          274      1.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         13880                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          233                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      165.317597                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     116.973385                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     145.829974                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              18      7.73%      7.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             41     17.60%     25.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             34     14.59%     39.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            29     12.45%     52.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           23      9.87%     62.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           14      6.01%     68.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           16      6.87%     75.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            8      3.43%     78.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           13      5.58%     84.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319           10      4.29%     88.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            6      2.58%     90.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            5      2.15%     93.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            4      1.72%     94.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.43%     95.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            2      0.86%     96.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            2      0.86%     97.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.43%     97.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-607            2      0.86%     98.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::608-639            1      0.43%     98.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.43%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::864-895            1      0.43%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::960-991            1      0.43%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            233                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          233                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.291845                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.264972                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.956274                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                79     33.91%     33.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                10      4.29%     38.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               141     60.52%     98.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 3      1.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            233                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2479424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   100032                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   257856                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2579456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                401536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        184.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         19.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     192.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      29.90                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    13428186000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      288294.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1909760                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       569664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       257856                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 142207247.464409083128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 42419125.659541063011                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 19200837.802751481533                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        29840                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        10464                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6274                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    819237750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    278338000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 322839708750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27454.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26599.58                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  51456759.44                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     67.49                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              38598840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              20515770                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             89078640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             9307260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1059639360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4463367900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1398269760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7078777530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         527.109934                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3593026250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    448240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   9388147750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              60532920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              32158830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            187532100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            11724120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1059639360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5044030320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         909290880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7304908530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         543.948420                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2319652500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    448240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  10661521500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13429414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13429414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13429414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1086700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1086700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1086775                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1086775                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23741                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23741                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    947256000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    947256000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    947256000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    947256000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1110441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1110441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1110516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1110516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39899.583000                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39899.583000                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39899.583000                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39899.583000                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10200                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10200                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    899774000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    899774000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    899774000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    899774000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37899.583000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37899.583000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37899.583000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37899.583000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      23485                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          675406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              675406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         16906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             16906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    668377000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    668377000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       692312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          692312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39534.898852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39534.898852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    634565000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    634565000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37534.898852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37534.898852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         411294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             411294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6835                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6835                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    278879000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    278879000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       418129                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         418129                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016347                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016347                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40801.609364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40801.609364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    265209000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    265209000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016347                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016347                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38801.609364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38801.609364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13429414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.818647                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1028860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 23485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 43.809240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.818647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1134257                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1134257                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13429414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13429414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13429414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           18314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               31591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          18314                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13277                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              31591                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         29841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             40305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        29841                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            40305                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2022960000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    684849000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2707809000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2022960000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    684849000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2707809000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           71896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          71896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.560601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.560601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67791.293857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65448.107798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67182.954968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67791.293857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65448.107798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67182.954968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6274                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6274                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1963280000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    663921000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2627201000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1963280000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    663921000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2627201000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65791.360879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63448.107798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65183.004590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65791.360879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63448.107798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65183.004590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     45175                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          18314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              31591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        29841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            40305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2022960000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    684849000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2707809000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        48155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          71896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.560601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67791.293857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65448.107798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67182.954968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1963280000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    663921000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2627201000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.619686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65791.360879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63448.107798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65183.004590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10200                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10200                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10200                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10200                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13429414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.439595                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  78197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                45175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.730980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    73.226593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.242965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   180.970037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.143021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.496568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.353457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               127783                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              127783                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13429414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                71896                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               71895                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10200                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        57682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        96309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  153991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2172224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3081856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5254080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           240770000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            122896000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           118705000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13429414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13429414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13429414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  13429414000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18038901000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 220741                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1341472                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   412107                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    18.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              995422256                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000185                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7468117                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018039                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18038901000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            890774                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000185                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7468117                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      937156                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            97                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      549238                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            93                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5204945                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           180                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18038890                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18038890                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4543880                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2481240                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       668008                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  69480                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         69480                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               111465                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               55377                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      136634                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7397801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7397801                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14603538                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5957286                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      936291                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1485274                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     548983                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22869      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5904877     79.07%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      773      0.01%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       532      0.01%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     282      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    25590      0.34%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      356      0.00%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13406      0.18%     79.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   14025      0.19%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 156      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   923015     12.36%     92.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  547595      7.33%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               13276      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1388      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7468156                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    29                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18038901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18038901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5140947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5140947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5140947                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5140947                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          63998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              63998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         63998                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             63998                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3331225000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3331225000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3331225000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3331225000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5204945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5204945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5204945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5204945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52052.017251                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52052.017251                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52052.017251                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52052.017251                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         63998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3203229000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3203229000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3203229000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3203229000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50052.017251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50052.017251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50052.017251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50052.017251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      63742                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5140947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5140947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         63998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             63998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3331225000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3331225000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5204945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5204945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52052.017251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52052.017251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3203229000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3203229000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50052.017251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50052.017251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18038901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.071462                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4863135                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 63742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 76.294045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.071462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5268943                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5268943                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18038901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               55922                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              55922                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8777                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       120621                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       120621                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 120621                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4140736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      4140736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4140736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            99807000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          298303000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18038901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         2581184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          997824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3579008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2581184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        2581184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       561728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           561728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            40331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            15591                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                55922                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          8777                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                8777                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          143089870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           55315121                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              198404992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     143089870                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         143089870                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        31139813                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              31139813                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        31139813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         143089870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          55315121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             229544804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5532.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     40331.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     13205.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001566074500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           318                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           318                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               120318                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5194                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        55922                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        8777                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      55922                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      8777                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    2386                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   3245                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               7520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               3011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               5310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               5411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               8936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              4181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              4227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     509734250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   267680000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1513534250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9521.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28271.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     35575                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4537                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  66.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  55922                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  8777                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    53503                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        18926                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     199.642397                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    139.421549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    205.589036                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7406     39.13%     39.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6638     35.07%     74.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2133     11.27%     85.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          954      5.04%     90.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          645      3.41%     93.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          369      1.95%     95.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          252      1.33%     97.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          148      0.78%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          381      2.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         18926                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          318                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      168.295597                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     127.323697                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     130.373840                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              18      5.66%      5.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             46     14.47%     20.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             37     11.64%     31.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            44     13.84%     45.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           37     11.64%     57.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           30      9.43%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           28      8.81%     75.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           18      5.66%     81.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           16      5.03%     86.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319           13      4.09%     90.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            8      2.52%     92.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            7      2.20%     94.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            4      1.26%     96.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.31%     96.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            2      0.63%     97.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            2      0.63%     97.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.31%     98.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-607            2      0.63%     98.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::608-639            1      0.31%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.31%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::864-895            1      0.31%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::960-991            1      0.31%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            318                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          318                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.314465                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.287668                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.954077                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               106     33.33%     33.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                10      3.14%     36.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               198     62.26%     98.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 4      1.26%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            318                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3426304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   152704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   352384                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3579008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                561728                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        189.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         19.53                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     198.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      31.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18037724000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      278794.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      2581184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       845120                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       352384                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 143089870.053613573313                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 46849860.753712214530                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 19534671.208628509194                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        15591                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         8777                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1106143750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    407390500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 437848130000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27426.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26129.85                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  49885852.80                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     67.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              52036320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              27650370                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            121230060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10962000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1423506240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5992462440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1880653920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9508501350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         527.110900                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4832587500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    602160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12604153500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              83123880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              44173800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            261016980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            17779320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1423506240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6917317650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1101828480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9848746350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         545.972637                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2804167250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    602160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  14632573750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18038901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18038901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18038901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1452106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1452106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1452181                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1452181                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          34174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              34174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         34174                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             34174                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1385174000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1385174000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1385174000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1385174000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1486280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1486280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1486355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1486355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.022993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40532.978288                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40532.978288                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40532.978288                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40532.978288                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           13820                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 13820                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         34174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        34174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1316828000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1316828000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1316828000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1316828000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38533.036812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38533.036812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38533.036812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38533.036812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      33917                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          911647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              911647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25434                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1034118000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1034118000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       937081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          937081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.027142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40658.881812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40658.881812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    983250000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    983250000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38658.881812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38658.881812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         540459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             540459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8740                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8740                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    351056000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    351056000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       549199                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         549199                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015914                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015914                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40166.590389                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40166.590389                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    333578000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    333578000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015914                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015914                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38166.819222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38166.819222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18038901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.376049                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1408082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 33917                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.515523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.376049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1520528                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1520528                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18038901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18038901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18038901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           23667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               42249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          23667                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          18582                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              42249                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         40331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         15592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             55923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15592                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            55923                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2733020000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1012368000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3745388000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2733020000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1012368000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3745388000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        34174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           98172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        34174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          98172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.569643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.569643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67764.746721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64928.681375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66974.017846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67764.746721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64928.681375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66974.017846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8777                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8777                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2652358000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    981186000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3633544000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2652358000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    981186000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3633544000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.569643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.569643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65764.746721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62928.809646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64974.053609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65764.746721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62928.809646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64974.053609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     63003                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          23667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          18582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              42249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            55923                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2733020000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1012368000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3745388000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        63998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        34174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          98172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.569643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67764.746721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64928.681375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66974.017846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2652358000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    981186000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3633544000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.456253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.569643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65764.746721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62928.809646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64974.053609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13820                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13820                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13820                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13820                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18038901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.349387                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 108216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                63003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.717632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    72.301991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.363640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   182.683755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.141215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.496804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.356804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               175507                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              175507                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18038901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                98172                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               98171                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         13820                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        82167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       127996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  210163                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3071552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4095872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7167424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           319990000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            167272000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           170865000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18038901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18038901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18038901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18038901000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                22615509000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 221499                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1342520                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   414705                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    22.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1001849875                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9361432                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.022616                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 22615509000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1126919                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9361432                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1203532                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           121                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      671086                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           111                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6481553                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           182                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         22615509                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   22615509                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5679171                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3095337                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       839526                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  86761                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         86761                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               138948                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               69080                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      180928                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9273987                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9273987                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18298833                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7474526                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1202396                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1873176                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     670780                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 28811      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7390870     78.95%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      865      0.01%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       609      0.01%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     337      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    31426      0.34%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      494      0.01%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    16986      0.18%     79.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   17715      0.19%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 175      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1185579     12.66%     92.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  669201      7.15%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               16817      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1579      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9361480                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22615509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22615509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6404395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6404395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6404395                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6404395                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          77158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              77158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         77158                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             77158                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4019935000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4019935000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4019935000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4019935000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6481553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6481553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52100.041473                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52100.041473                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52100.041473                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52100.041473                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         77158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        77158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3865619000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3865619000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3865619000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3865619000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50100.041473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50100.041473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50100.041473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50100.041473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      76902                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6404395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6404395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         77158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             77158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4019935000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4019935000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6481553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52100.041473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52100.041473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        77158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3865619000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3865619000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50100.041473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50100.041473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22615509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.259367                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6481553                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 77158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 84.003642                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.259367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6558711                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6558711                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22615509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               70996                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              70996                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        11091                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       153083                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       153083                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 153083                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      5253568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      5253568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 5253568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           126451000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          378699000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22615509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         3114048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1429696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             4543744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      3114048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        3114048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       709824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           709824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            48657                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            22339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                70996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         11091                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               11091                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          137695243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           63217503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              200912745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     137695243                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         137695243                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        31386603                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              31386603                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        31386603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         137695243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          63217503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             232299348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      7152.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     48657.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     19298.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001566074500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           411                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           411                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               152596                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                6717                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        70996                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       11091                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      70996                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     11091                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    3041                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   3939                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               9069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               3391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               6618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               6621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              10965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               3114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               3743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              5170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              5105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     650023000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   339775000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1924179250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9565.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28315.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     45058                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5891                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  66.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  70996                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 11091                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    67915                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        24123                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     199.139411                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    139.035872                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    205.859167                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          9470     39.26%     39.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8505     35.26%     74.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2698     11.18%     85.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1164      4.83%     90.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          817      3.39%     93.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          473      1.96%     95.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          307      1.27%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          200      0.83%     97.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          489      2.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         24123                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          411                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      164.919708                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     129.611903                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     118.903982                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              20      4.87%      4.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             52     12.65%     17.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             42     10.22%     27.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            64     15.57%     43.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           58     14.11%     57.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           48     11.68%     69.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           35      8.52%     77.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           24      5.84%     83.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           20      4.87%     88.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319           16      3.89%     92.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            9      2.19%     94.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            7      1.70%     96.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            4      0.97%     97.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.24%     97.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            2      0.49%     97.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            2      0.49%     98.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            1      0.24%     98.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-607            2      0.49%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::608-639            1      0.24%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.24%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::864-895            1      0.24%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::960-991            1      0.24%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            411                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          411                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.326034                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.299563                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.947798                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               134     32.60%     32.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                14      3.41%     36.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               258     62.77%     98.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      1.22%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            411                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 4349120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   194624                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   455744                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  4543744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                709824                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        192.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         20.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     200.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      31.39                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    22614526000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      275494.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      3114048                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1235072                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       455744                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 137695242.676165282726                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 54611726.846386700869                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 20151834.743140205741                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        22339                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        11091                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1336225750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    587953500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 547992421750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27462.15                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26319.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  49408747.79                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     67.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              69108060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              36731805                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            161856660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            16244640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1784914560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7673020800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2222864640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11964741165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         529.050271                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5706538000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    755040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  16153931000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             103158720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              54814980                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            323342040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            20926980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1784914560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        8710561590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1349146080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12346864950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         545.946808                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3431312000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    755040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  18429157000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22615509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22615509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22615509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1827164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1827164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1827239                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1827239                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          47331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              47331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         47331                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             47331                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1968105000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1968105000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1968105000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1968105000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1874495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1874495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1874570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1874570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41581.732902                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41581.732902                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41581.732902                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41581.732902                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           17178                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 17178                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         47331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1873443000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1873443000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1873443000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1873443000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025249                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39581.732902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39581.732902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39581.732902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39581.732902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      47075                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1166951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1166951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         36506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             36506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1533909000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1533909000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1203457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1203457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.030334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42017.997042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42017.997042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1460897000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1460897000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40017.997042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40017.997042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         660213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             660213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10825                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10825                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    434196000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    434196000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       671038                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         671038                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40110.484988                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40110.484988                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    412546000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    412546000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016132                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016132                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38110.484988                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38110.484988                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22615509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.704681                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1874570                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 47331                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 39.605544                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.704681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1921901                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1921901                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22615509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22615509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22615509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           28501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           24992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               53493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          28501                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          24992                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              53493                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         48657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         22339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             70996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        22339                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            70996                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3298962000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1458537000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4757499000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3298962000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1458537000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4757499000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        47331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          124489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        47331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         124489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.570299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.570299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67800.357605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65291.060477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67010.803426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67800.357605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65291.060477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67010.803426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11091                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11091                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        70996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        70996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3201648000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1413859000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4615507000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3201648000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1413859000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4615507000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.570299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.570299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65800.357605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63291.060477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65010.803426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65800.357605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63291.060477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65010.803426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     79985                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          28501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          24992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              53493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        22339                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            70996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3298962000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1458537000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4757499000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        77158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        47331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         124489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.570299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67800.357605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65291.060477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67010.803426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        70996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3201648000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1413859000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4615507000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.630615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.471974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.570299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65800.357605                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63291.060477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65010.803426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        17178                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        17178                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        17178                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17178                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22615509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.885780                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 141667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                80497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.759904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    68.555007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.840970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   188.489803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.133896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.493830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.368144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               222164                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              222164                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22615509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               124489                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              124489                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         17178                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       111840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       154316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  266156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4128576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4938112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9066688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           385790000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            210379000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           236655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22615509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22615509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22615509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  22615509000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
