
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4393487000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 247670                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1439104                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   469132                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     4.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1087778771                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000261                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1894780                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004393                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4393487000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            220075                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000261                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1894780                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      208595                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            87                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      173589                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           111                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1301254                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           420                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4393476                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4393476                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1111738                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              582100                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       164051                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  18178                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         18178                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                24064                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               11277                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       40662                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1881347                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1881347                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3697675                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1493134                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      208539                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        382120                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     173581                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  3674      0.19%      0.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1494900     78.89%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      738      0.04%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      3551      0.19%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      53      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       24      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4217      0.22%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       30      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2432      0.13%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2860      0.15%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      9      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   5      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 160      0.01%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 53      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  1      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   204648     10.80%     90.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  169198      8.93%     99.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                3891      0.21%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4383      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1894828                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4393487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4393487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1286285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1286285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1286285                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1286285                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          14969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              14969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         14969                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             14969                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    673037000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    673037000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    673037000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    673037000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1301254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1301254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1301254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1301254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44962.054913                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44962.054913                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44962.054913                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44962.054913                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    643099000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    643099000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    643099000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    643099000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42962.054913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42962.054913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42962.054913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42962.054913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      14713                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1286285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1286285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         14969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             14969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    673037000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    673037000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1301254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1301254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 44962.054913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44962.054913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    643099000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    643099000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 42962.054913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42962.054913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4393487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.520694                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1193370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 14713                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 81.109903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.520694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.978596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.978596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1316223                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1316223                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4393487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               11240                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              11240                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3136                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        25616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        25616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  25616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       920064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       920064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  920064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            26920000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           60571750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4393487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          452288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          267072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              719360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       452288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         452288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       200704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           200704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7067                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                11240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3136                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3136                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          102945109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           60788162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              163733272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     102945109                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         102945109                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        45682165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              45682165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        45682165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         102945109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          60788162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             209415437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2830.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7067.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4040.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001657004500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           164                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           164                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                26371                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2646                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        11240                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3136                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      11240                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3136                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     133                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    306                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.29                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     138491000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    55535000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                346747250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12468.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31218.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6364                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2322                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  57.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  11240                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3136                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    11107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5226                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     170.372752                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    119.953070                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    186.688584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2614     50.02%     50.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1461     27.96%     77.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          614     11.75%     89.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          209      4.00%     93.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          102      1.95%     95.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           63      1.21%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           37      0.71%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           30      0.57%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           96      1.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5226                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          164                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       67.658537                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      45.386880                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     101.427628                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              49     29.88%     29.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             73     44.51%     74.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             24     14.63%     89.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             5      3.05%     92.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            3      1.83%     93.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.61%     94.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            2      1.22%     95.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            1      0.61%     96.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            1      0.61%     96.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.61%     97.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.61%     98.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.61%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.61%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            1      0.61%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            164                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          164                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.115854                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.086721                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.999383                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                69     42.07%     42.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                11      6.71%     48.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                80     48.78%     97.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 4      2.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            164                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  710848                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     8512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   179648                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   719360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                200704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        161.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         40.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     163.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      45.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4392311000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      305530.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       452288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       258560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       179648                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 102945109.431301385164                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 58850748.847100265324                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 40889616.835101597011                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7067                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4173                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3136                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    226204250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    120543000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 102646922000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     32008.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28886.41                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  32731799.11                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     62.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              21255780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              11297715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             43646820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             6091740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      346656960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1446917640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         468642240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2344508895                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         533.632829                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1200206250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    146640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3046640750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              16072140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               8534955                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             35657160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             8560800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      346656960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1392850860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         514172160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2322505035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         528.624538                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1323708500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    146640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2923138500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4393487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4393487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4393487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           373773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               373773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          373867                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              373867                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          8269                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              8269                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    372117000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    372117000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    374127000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    374127000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       382008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           382008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       382136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          382136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45187.249545                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45187.249545                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45244.527754                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45244.527754                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            4044                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  4044                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    355649000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    355649000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    357591000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    357591000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43187.492410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43187.492410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43244.769621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43244.769621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       8012                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          203530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              203530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4937                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4937                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    171336000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    171336000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       208467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          208467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.023682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34704.476403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34704.476403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    161462000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    161462000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32704.476403                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32704.476403                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         170243                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             170243                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3298                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3298                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    200781000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    200781000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       173541                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         173541                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019004                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019004                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60879.624015                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60879.624015                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    194187000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    194187000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58880.230443                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58880.230443                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            94                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                94                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           34                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              34                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      2010000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      2010000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.265625                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.265625                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59117.647059                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59117.647059                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           34                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1942000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1942000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.265625                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.265625                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57117.647059                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57117.647059                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4393487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.299204                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  370162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  8012                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 46.200949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.299204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                390404                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               390404                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4393487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4393487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4393487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               11997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7902                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4095                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              11997                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          7067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             11241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7067                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4174                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            11241                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    511823000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287619000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    799442000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    511823000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287619000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    799442000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        14969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           23238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        14969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          23238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.472109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.504777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.483734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.472109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.504777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.483734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72424.366775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68907.283182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71118.405836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72424.366775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68907.283182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71118.405836                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3136                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3136                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        11241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    497689000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    279273000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    776962000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    497689000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    279273000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    776962000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.472109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.504777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483734                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.472109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.504777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483734                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70424.366775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66907.762338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69118.583756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70424.366775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66907.762338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69118.583756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13146                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              11997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            11241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    511823000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287619000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    799442000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        14969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          23238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.472109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.504777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.483734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72424.366775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68907.283182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71118.405836                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    497689000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    279273000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    776962000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.472109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.504777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70424.366775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66907.762338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69118.583756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4044                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4044                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4044                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4044                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4393487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              501.998685                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  26572                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13146                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.021299                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   123.258348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   218.392735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   160.347602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.240739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.426548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.313179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          368                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                40940                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               40940                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4393487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                23238                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               23237                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          4044                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        20581                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        29938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   50519                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       787968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       958016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1745984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            74845000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             43458000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            41340000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4393487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4393487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4393487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4393487000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                10101863000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 219607                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1456232                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   414224                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1109118618                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000110                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3772715                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.010102                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10101863000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            451306                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000110                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3772715                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      423051                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           132                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      307948                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           224                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2612241                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1331                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         10101852                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   10101852                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2195765                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1203336                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       355077                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  24751                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         24751                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                30975                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               11730                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       71681                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3753210                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3753210                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7381192                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3026026                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      422943                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        730860                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     307917                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  8608      0.23%      0.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3004255     79.63%     79.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5857      0.16%     80.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     12982      0.34%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      88      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       30      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4306      0.11%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       30      0.00%     80.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2448      0.06%     80.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    3114      0.08%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     18      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   5      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 160      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 53      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  1      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   419036     11.11%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  297423      7.88%     99.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                3907      0.10%     99.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              10494      0.28%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3772816                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    22                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10101863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10101863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2569945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2569945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2569945                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2569945                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          42296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              42296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         42296                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             42296                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2356953000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2356953000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2356953000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2356953000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2612241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2612241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2612241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2612241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55725.198600                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55725.198600                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55725.198600                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55725.198600                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         42296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2272363000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2272363000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2272363000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2272363000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53725.245886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53725.245886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53725.245886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53725.245886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      42039                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2569945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2569945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         42296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             42296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2356953000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2356953000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2612241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2612241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.016191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55725.198600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55725.198600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2272363000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2272363000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53725.245886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53725.245886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10101863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.616949                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2540686                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 42039                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 60.436404                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.616949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2654536                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2654536                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10101863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               40977                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              40977                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        91178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        91178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  91178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3212864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      3212864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3212864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            87097000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          220448500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10101863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1789696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          832832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2622528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1789696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1789696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       590336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           590336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            27964                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            13013                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                40977                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          9224                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                9224                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          177164945                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           82443407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              259608351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     177164945                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         177164945                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        58438330                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              58438330                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        58438330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         177164945                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          82443407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             318046681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      7436.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     27964.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     11855.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001657004500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           436                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           436                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                91163                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                6971                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        40977                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        9224                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      40977                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      9224                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1158                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1788                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               3034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               3325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              4869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              3684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     474534250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   199095000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1221140500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11917.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30667.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     23870                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5804                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  59.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  40977                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  9224                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    39819                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        17545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     172.214534                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    126.679005                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    165.778503                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          7700     43.89%     43.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5825     33.20%     77.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2047     11.67%     88.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1039      5.92%     94.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          394      2.25%     96.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          217      1.24%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           99      0.56%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           53      0.30%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          171      0.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         17545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          436                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       90.761468                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      59.998833                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      89.634522                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             107     24.54%     24.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            139     31.88%     56.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             39      8.94%     65.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            31      7.11%     72.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           33      7.57%     80.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           35      8.03%     88.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           24      5.50%     93.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           14      3.21%     96.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            6      1.38%     98.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            2      0.46%     98.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            1      0.23%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.23%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.23%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.23%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.23%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            1      0.23%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            436                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          436                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.981651                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.951947                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.007846                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               217     49.77%     49.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                18      4.13%     53.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               193     44.27%     98.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 8      1.83%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            436                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2548416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    74112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   473856                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2622528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                590336                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        252.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         46.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     259.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      58.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    10101269000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      201216.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1789696                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       758720                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       473856                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 177164944.723562359810                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 75106938.195459589362                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 46907783.247505925596                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        27964                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        13013                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         9224                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    843506500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    377634000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 239218963000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30164.01                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29019.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  25934406.22                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     62.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              70114800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              37259310                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            157622640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            20483280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      797188080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3840435420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         645064800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5568168330                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         551.202123                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1638747500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    337220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8125895500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              55185060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              29323965                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            126685020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            18165600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      797188080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3749121420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         721960800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5497629945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         544.219412                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1842767750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    337220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7921875250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10101863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10101863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10101863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           707656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               707656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          707750                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              707750                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23148                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23148                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1119824000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1119824000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1121834000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1121834000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       730770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           730770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       730898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          730898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48447.867094                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48447.867094                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48463.538967                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48463.538967                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           11189                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 11189                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1073596000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1073596000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1075538000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1075538000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46447.867094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46447.867094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46463.538967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46463.538967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      22892                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          408315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              408315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         14608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             14608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    656179000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    656179000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       422923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          422923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44919.153888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44919.153888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    626963000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    626963000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42919.153888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42919.153888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         299341                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             299341                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8506                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8506                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    463645000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    463645000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       307847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         307847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027631                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.027631                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54507.994357                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54507.994357                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    446633000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    446633000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027631                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027631                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52507.994357                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52507.994357                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            94                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                94                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           34                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              34                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      2010000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      2010000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.265625                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.265625                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59117.647059                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59117.647059                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           34                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1942000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1942000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.265625                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.265625                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57117.647059                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57117.647059                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10101863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.390455                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  713532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 22892                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 31.169492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.390455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                754046                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               754046                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10101863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10101863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10101863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           14331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               24466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          14331                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10135                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              24466                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         27965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             40978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        27965                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13013                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            40978                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1972892000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    891485000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2864377000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1972892000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    891485000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2864377000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        42296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           65444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        42296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          65444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.661174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.562165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.626154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.661174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.562165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.626154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70548.614339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68507.261969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69900.361169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70548.614339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68507.261969                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69900.361169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9224                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9224                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        27965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        27965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1916964000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    865459000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2782423000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1916964000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    865459000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2782423000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.661174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.562165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.626154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.661174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.562165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.626154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68548.685857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66507.261969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67900.409976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68548.685857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66507.261969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67900.409976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     47538                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          14331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              24466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        27965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13013                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            40978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1972892000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    891485000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2864377000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        42296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          65444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.661174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.562165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.626154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70548.614339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68507.261969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69900.361169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        27965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1916964000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    865459000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2782423000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.661174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.562165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.626154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68548.685857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66507.261969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67900.409976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11189                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11189                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11189                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11189                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10101863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.650243                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  74006                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                47538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.556776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   109.394148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   202.870047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   195.386049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.213660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.396231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.381613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               124683                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              124683                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10101863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                65444                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               65443                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         11189                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        57485                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        84591                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  142076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2197568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2706880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4904448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           211475000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            121389000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           115740000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10101863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10101863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10101863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  10101863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17470497000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 200451                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1456232                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   379609                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    14.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1167078871                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000567                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5682502                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017470                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17470497000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            675998                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000567                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5682502                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      715825                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           134                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      453478                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           258                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3907701                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1777                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17470486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17470486                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3190221                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1813576                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       517068                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  24775                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         24775                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                31011                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               11742                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      119954                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5653196                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5653196                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11307991                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4605725                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      715610                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1168986                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     453376                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 17196      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4439762     78.13%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    15844      0.28%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     30566      0.54%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      88      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       30      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4318      0.08%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       30      0.00%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2448      0.04%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    3114      0.05%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     18      0.00%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   5      0.00%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 160      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 53      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  1      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   711703     12.52%     91.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  442870      7.79%     99.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                3907      0.07%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              10506      0.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5682620                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    22                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17470497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17470497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3817203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3817203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3817203                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3817203                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          90498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              90498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         90498                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             90498                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5316104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5316104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5316104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5316104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3907701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3907701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3907701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3907701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.023159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.023159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58742.778846                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58742.778846                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58742.778846                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58742.778846                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        90498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         90498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        90498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        90498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5135110000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5135110000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5135110000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5135110000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56742.800946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56742.800946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56742.800946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56742.800946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      90241                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3817203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3817203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         90498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             90498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5316104000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5316104000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3907701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3907701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.023159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58742.778846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58742.778846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        90498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        90498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5135110000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5135110000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56742.800946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56742.800946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17470497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.622062                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3725033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 90241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 41.278720                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.622062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3998198                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3998198                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17470497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               89079                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              89079                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16405                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       194563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       194563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 194563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      6750976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      6750976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6750976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           171104000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          479616000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17470497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         4139008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1562048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             5701056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      4139008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        4139008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1049920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1049920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            64672                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            24407                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                89079                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         16405                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               16405                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          236914153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           89410622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              326324775                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     236914153                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         236914153                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        60096745                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              60096745                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        60096745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         236914153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          89410622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             386421520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     11907.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     64672.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     21370.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001657004500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           705                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           705                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               192474                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               11187                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        89079                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       16405                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      89079                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     16405                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    3037                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   4498                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               8580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               5419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               6894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               3074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               4938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               7529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               3736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             10175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              5861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              9527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              5799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              3638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              2659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1048075500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   430210000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2661363000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12180.98                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30930.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     50812                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     8841                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  59.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  89079                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 16405                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    86042                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        38266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     163.758114                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    123.786472                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    147.699718                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         16823     43.96%     43.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        13370     34.94%     78.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4237     11.07%     89.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2111      5.52%     95.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          921      2.41%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          397      1.04%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          172      0.45%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           60      0.16%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          175      0.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         38266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          705                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      121.965957                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      88.126606                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      87.312894                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             107     15.18%     15.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            139     19.72%     34.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             58      8.23%     43.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            66      9.36%     52.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          100     14.18%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           93     13.19%     79.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           69      9.79%     89.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           40      5.67%     95.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           17      2.41%     97.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            8      1.13%     98.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            3      0.43%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.14%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.14%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.14%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.14%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            1      0.14%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            705                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          705                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.858156                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.829265                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.994170                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               396     56.17%     56.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                22      3.12%     59.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               278     39.43%     98.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 9      1.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            705                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 5506688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   194368                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   760640                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  5701056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1049920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        315.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         43.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     326.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      60.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17468469000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      165603.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      4139008                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1367680                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       760640                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 236914153.043270587921                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 78285122.627020850778                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 43538543.866267792881                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        64672                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        24407                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        16405                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1926326000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    735037000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 421568772000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29786.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30115.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  25697578.30                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             161478240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              85812540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            357542640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            36294660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1378637520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7087866210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         739941600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9847573410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         563.668762                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1858522750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    583180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  15028794250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             111798120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              59406930                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            256797240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            25745040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1378637520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6795274950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         986334240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9613994040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         550.298829                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2503057500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    583180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  14384259500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17470497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17470497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17470497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1125104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1125104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1125198                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1125198                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          43953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              43953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         43987                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             43987                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2129639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2129639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2131649000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2131649000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1169057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1169057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1169185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1169185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.037597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.037622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48452.642595                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48452.642595                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48460.886171                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48460.886171                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           20228                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 20228                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         43953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2041733000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2041733000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2043675000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2043675000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46452.642595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46452.642595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46460.886171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46460.886171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      43731                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          686077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              686077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         29620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             29620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1443795000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1443795000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       715697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          715697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.041386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48743.923025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48743.923025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1384555000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1384555000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46743.923025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46743.923025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         439027                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             439027                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        14333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            14333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    685844000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    685844000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       453360                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         453360                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031615                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031615                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47850.694202                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47850.694202                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    657178000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    657178000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031615                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031615                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45850.694202                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45850.694202                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            94                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                94                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           34                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              34                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      2010000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      2010000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.265625                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.265625                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59117.647059                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59117.647059                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           34                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1942000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1942000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.265625                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.265625                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57117.647059                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57117.647059                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17470497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.069322                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1152708                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 43731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 26.359059                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.069322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1213172                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1213172                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17470497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17470497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17470497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           25825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           19580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               45405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          25825                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          19580                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              45405                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         64673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         24407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             89080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        64673                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        24407                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            89080                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4537909000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1690710000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6228619000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4537909000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1690710000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6228619000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        90498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        43987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          134485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        90498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        43987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         134485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.714635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.554868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.662379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.714635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.554868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.662379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70166.978492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69271.520465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69921.632241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70166.978492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69271.520465                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69921.632241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          16405                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                16405                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        89080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        89080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4408565000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1641896000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6050461000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4408565000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1641896000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6050461000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.714635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.554868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.714635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.554868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68167.009417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67271.520465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67921.654692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68167.009417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67271.520465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67921.654692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    101388                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          25825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          19580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              45405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        64673                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        24407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            89080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4537909000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1690710000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6228619000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        90498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        43987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         134485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.714635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.554868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.662379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70166.978492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69271.520465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69921.632241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4408565000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1641896000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6050461000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.714635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.554868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68167.009417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67271.520465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67921.654692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        20228                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        20228                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        20228                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        20228                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17470497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.484866                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 151232                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               101388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.491616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    91.533787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   200.817535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   217.133544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.178777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.392222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.424089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               256613                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              256613                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17470497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               134485                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              134484                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         20228                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       108202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       180995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  289197                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4109760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5791808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9901568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           452485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            235625000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           219935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17470497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17470497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17470497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17470497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25022798000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 198172                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1456232                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   376039                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    20.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1239670943                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000013                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7590319                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025023                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25022798000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            899809                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000013                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7590319                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1004941                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           137                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      594905                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           292                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5200324                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1827                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25022787                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25022787                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4186841                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2436771                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       679116                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  24775                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         24775                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                31011                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               11742                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      167267                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7550915                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7550915                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15220229                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6192073                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1004629                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1599369                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     594740                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 26110      0.34%      0.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5878273     77.44%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    27190      0.36%     78.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     49246      0.65%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      88      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       30      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4318      0.06%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       30      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2448      0.03%     78.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    3114      0.04%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     18      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   5      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 160      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 53      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  1      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1000722     13.18%     92.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  584234      7.70%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                3907      0.05%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              10506      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7590454                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25022798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25022798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5059738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5059738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5059738                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5059738                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         140586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             140586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        140586                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            140586                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8410402000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   8410402000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8410402000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   8410402000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5200324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5200324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5200324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5200324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59823.894271                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59823.894271                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59823.894271                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59823.894271                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       140586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        140586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       140586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       140586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8129230000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8129230000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8129230000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8129230000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57823.894271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57823.894271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57823.894271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57823.894271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     140330                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5059738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5059738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        140586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            140586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8410402000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8410402000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5200324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5200324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.027034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59823.894271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59823.894271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       140586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       140586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   8129230000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8129230000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.027034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57823.894271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57823.894271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25022798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.037947                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4900863                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                140330                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 34.923844                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.037947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5340910                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5340910                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25022798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              140050                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             140050                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        24482                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       304582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       304582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 304582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     10530048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     10530048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                10530048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           262460000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          754091500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25022798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         6603072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2360128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             8963200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      6603072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        6603072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1566848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1566848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst           103173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            36877                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               140050                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         24482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               24482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          263882241                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           94319109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              358201349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     263882241                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         263882241                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        62616818                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              62616818                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        62616818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         263882241                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          94319109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             420818167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     16500.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples    103173.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     31640.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001657004500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           978                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           978                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               299835                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               15506                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       140050                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       24482                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     140050                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     24482                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    5237                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   7982                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              13941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               3093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               8514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              10679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               4564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               4267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               7493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              11786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               5490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             16498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              5579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              8974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             15590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              9558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              5807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              4310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1643726750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   674065000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               4171470500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12192.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30942.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     79485                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    11876                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  58.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 71.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 140050                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 24482                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   134813                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     978                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     978                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     978                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        59912                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     161.568167                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    123.243712                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    141.631941                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         26251     43.82%     43.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        21286     35.53%     79.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6623     11.05%     90.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3140      5.24%     95.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1523      2.54%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          610      1.02%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          233      0.39%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           68      0.11%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          178      0.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         59912                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          978                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      137.756646                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     105.943680                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      83.122101                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             107     10.94%     10.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            140     14.31%     25.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             68      6.95%     32.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            96      9.82%     42.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          160     16.36%     58.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191          164     16.77%     75.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223          125     12.78%     87.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           62      6.34%     94.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           30      3.07%     97.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319           15      1.53%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            6      0.61%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.10%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.10%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.10%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            978                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          978                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.840491                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.811778                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.990806                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               560     57.26%     57.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                24      2.45%     59.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               384     39.26%     98.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                10      1.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            978                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 8628032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   335168                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1054080                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  8963200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1566848                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        344.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         42.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     358.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      62.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          3.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25022656000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      152083.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      6603072                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2024960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1054080                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 263882240.507236659527                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 80924603.235817193985                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 42124785.565547071397                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst       103173                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        36877                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        24482                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   3059830750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1111639750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 609177781750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29657.28                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30144.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  24882680.41                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             254448180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             135223440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            566073480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            50299920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1974838320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       10429659930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         825883200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14236426470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         568.938233                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2054267250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    835380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  22133150750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             173394900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              92142600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            396491340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            35673480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1974838320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9973427370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1210079040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13856047050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         553.736918                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3056507250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    835380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  21130910750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25022798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25022798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25022798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1533111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1533111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1533205                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1533205                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          66472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              66472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         66506                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             66506                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3214526000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3214526000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3216536000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3216536000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1599583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1599583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1599711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1599711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.041556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.041574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48359.098568                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48359.098568                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48364.598683                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48364.598683                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           30208                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 30208                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        66472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         66472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        66506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3081584000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3081584000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3083526000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3083526000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46359.128656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46359.128656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46364.628755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46364.628755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      66249                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          959223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              959223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         45590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             45590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2291368000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2291368000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1004813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1004813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.045372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50260.320246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50260.320246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2200190000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2200190000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48260.364115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48260.364115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         573888                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             573888                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        20882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            20882                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    923158000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    923158000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       594770                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         594770                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035109                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.035109                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44208.313380                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44208.313380                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        20882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    881394000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    881394000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035109                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035109                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42208.313380                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42208.313380                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            94                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                94                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           34                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              34                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      2010000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      2010000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.265625                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.265625                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59117.647059                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59117.647059                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           34                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1942000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1942000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.265625                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.265625                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57117.647059                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57117.647059                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25022798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.350217                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1580777                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 66249                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.861145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.350217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1666216                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1666216                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25022798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25022798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25022798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           37413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           29628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               67041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          37413                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          29628                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              67041                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        103173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         36878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            140051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       103173                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        36878                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           140051                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7225939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2549289000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   9775228000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7225939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2549289000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   9775228000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       140586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        66506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          207092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       140586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        66506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         207092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.733878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.554506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.676274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.733878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.554506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.676274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70037.112423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69127.637074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69797.630863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70037.112423                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69127.637074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69797.630863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          24482                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                24482                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       103173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       140051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       103173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       140051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7019593000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2475535000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9495128000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7019593000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2475535000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9495128000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.733878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.554506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.676274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.733878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.554506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.676274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68037.112423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67127.691306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67797.645144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68037.112423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67127.691306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67797.645144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    158949                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          37413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          29628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              67041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       103173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        36878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           140051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7225939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2549289000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9775228000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       140586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        66506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         207092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.733878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.554506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.676274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70037.112423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69127.637074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69797.630863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       103173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       140051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   7019593000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2475535000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9495128000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.733878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.554506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.676274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68037.112423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67127.691306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67797.645144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        30208                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        30208                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        30208                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        30208                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25022798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.243976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 233870                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               158949                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.471352                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    78.811594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   196.150578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   235.281803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.153929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.383107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.459535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               396761                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              396761                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25022798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               207092                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              207091                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         30208                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       163219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       281172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  444391                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6189632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8997504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 15187136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           702930000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            358132000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           332525000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25022798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25022798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25022798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25022798000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                31998669000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 189449                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1456232                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   359694                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    26.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1212401849                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9493282                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.031999                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 31998669000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1126470                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9493282                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1281768                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           148                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      736910                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           326                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6500153                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          2475                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         31998669                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   31998669                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5196450                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3046077                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       847095                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  25664                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         25664                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                31914                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               11759                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      212428                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9444892                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9444892                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19093776                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7762726                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1281345                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2018023                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     736678                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33964      0.36%      0.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7329756     77.21%     77.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    36062      0.38%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     65345      0.69%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      89      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       30      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4326      0.05%     78.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       30      0.00%     78.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2448      0.03%     78.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    3121      0.03%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     18      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   5      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 160      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 53      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  1      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1277438     13.46%     92.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  725300      7.64%     99.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                3907      0.04%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              11378      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9493432                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31998669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31998669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6316571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6316571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6316571                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6316571                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         183582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             183582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        183582                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            183582                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  11044030000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  11044030000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  11044030000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  11044030000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6500153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6500153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6500153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6500153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60158.566744                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60158.566744                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60158.566744                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60158.566744                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       183582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        183582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       183582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       183582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10676866000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10676866000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10676866000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10676866000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58158.566744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58158.566744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58158.566744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58158.566744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     183326                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6316571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6316571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        183582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            183582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  11044030000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11044030000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6500153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6500153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.028243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60158.566744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60158.566744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       183582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       183582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst  10676866000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10676866000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.028243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58158.566744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58158.566744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31998669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.247679                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6500153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                183582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 35.407355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.247679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6683735                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6683735                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31998669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              183792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             183792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        31328                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       398912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       398912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 398912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     13767680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total     13767680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                13767680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           340432000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          989708750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31998669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         8686464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         3076224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            11762688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      8686464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        8686464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2004992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2004992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst           135726                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            48066                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               183792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         31328                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               31328                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          271463291                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           96135999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              367599290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     271463291                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         271463291                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        62658606                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              62658606                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        62658606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         271463291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          96135999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             430257896                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     21062.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples    135726.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     41122.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001657004500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1248                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1248                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               392347                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               19805                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       183792                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       31328                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     183792                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     31328                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    6944                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                  10266                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              18657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               3804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              11404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               3581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              14198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               5692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               5540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               9889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              15337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               7022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             20930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              7594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             12147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             20707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             12654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              7692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               2205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              5794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.24                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    2155730250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   884240000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5471630250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12189.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30939.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    104108                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    15017                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  58.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 71.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 183792                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 31328                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   176848                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        78746                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     160.809489                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    123.073847                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    139.399184                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         34414     43.70%     43.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        28100     35.68%     79.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8765     11.13%     90.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4143      5.26%     95.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1983      2.52%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          778      0.99%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          293      0.37%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           80      0.10%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          190      0.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         78746                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1248                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      141.578526                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     112.764648                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      78.740956                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             114      9.13%      9.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            151     12.10%     21.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             84      6.73%     27.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           145     11.62%     39.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          230     18.43%     58.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191          208     16.67%     74.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223          159     12.74%     87.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           88      7.05%     94.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           40      3.21%     97.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319           18      1.44%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            6      0.48%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.08%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.08%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.08%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1248                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.853365                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.824160                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.999665                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               709     56.81%     56.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                31      2.48%     59.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               491     39.34%     98.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                16      1.28%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                11318272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   444416                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1346112                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 11762688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2004992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        353.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         42.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     367.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      62.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          3.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    31998600000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      148747.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      8686464                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2631808                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1346112                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 271463291.176267385483                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 82247420.978666335344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 42067749.755466394126                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst       135726                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        48066                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        31328                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   4025695000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1445935250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 779606550750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29660.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30082.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  24885295.93                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             335986980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             178562340                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            743152620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            66758580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2525555760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       13461938520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         951120000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         18263074800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         570.744827                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2354616750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1068340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  28575712250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             226330860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             120278730                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            519542100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            43033680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2525555760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       12913822530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1412691360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         17761255020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         555.062306                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3557446250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1068340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  27372882750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31998669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31998669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31998669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1932032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1932032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1932126                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1932126                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          86368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              86368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         86402                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             86402                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4182201000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4182201000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4184211000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4184211000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2018400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2018400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2018528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2018528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.042790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.042804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48423.038625                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48423.038625                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48427.247054                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48427.247054                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           38762                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 38762                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        86368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         86368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        86402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4009465000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4009465000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4011407000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4011407000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042790                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042790                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46423.038625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46423.038625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46427.247054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46427.247054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      86146                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1221798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1221798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         59842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             59842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3031882000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3031882000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1281640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1281640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.046692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50664.783931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50664.783931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        59842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2912198000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2912198000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48664.783931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48664.783931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         710234                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             710234                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        26526                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            26526                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1150319000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1150319000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       736760                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         736760                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036004                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.036004                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43365.716655                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43365.716655                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26526                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        26526                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1097267000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1097267000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41365.716655                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41365.716655                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            94                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                94                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           34                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              34                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      2010000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      2010000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.265625                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.265625                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59117.647059                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59117.647059                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           34                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      1942000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1942000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.265625                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.265625                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57117.647059                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57117.647059                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31998669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.491873                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2018528                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 86402                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.362052                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.491873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2104930                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2104930                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31998669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31998669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31998669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           47856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           38336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               86192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          47856                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          38336                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              86192                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        135726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         48066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            183792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       135726                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        48066                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           183792                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9506300000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3318722000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  12825022000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9506300000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3318722000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  12825022000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       183582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        86402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          269984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       183582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        86402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         269984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.739321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.556307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.680751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.739321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.556307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.680751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70040.375462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69045.104648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69780.088361                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70040.375462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69045.104648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69780.088361                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          31328                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                31328                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       135726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        48066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       183792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       135726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        48066                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       183792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9234848000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3222590000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12457438000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9234848000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3222590000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12457438000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.739321                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.556307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.680751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.739321                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.556307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.680751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68040.375462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67045.104648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67780.088361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68040.375462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67045.104648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67780.088361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    208141                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          47856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          38336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              86192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       135726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        48066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           183792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9506300000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3318722000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12825022000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       183582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        86402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         269984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.739321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.556307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.680751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70040.375462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69045.104648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69780.088361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       135726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        48066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       183792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   9234848000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3222590000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12457438000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.739321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.556307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.680751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68040.375462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67045.104648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67780.088361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        38762                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        38762                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        38762                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        38762                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31998669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.626798                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 308746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               208653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.479710                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    77.286381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   194.725533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   238.614883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.150950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.380323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.466045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               517399                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              517399                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31998669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               269984                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              269984                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         38762                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       211566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       367164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  578730                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8010496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     11749248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 19759744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           917910000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            463794000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           432010000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31998669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31998669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  31998669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  31998669000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
