
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4946214000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  90696                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34265276                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   163656                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    11.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              448592103                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1804475                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004946                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4946214000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            205593                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1804475                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      210775                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           104                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      156157                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           132                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1332480                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1110                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4946203                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4946203                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1099309                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              688280                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       162376                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  25985                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         25985                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                33304                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               10256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       26893                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1784264                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1784264                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3577239                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1465055                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      210660                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        366815                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     156155                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 10803      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1398688     77.51%     78.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1046      0.06%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     17600      0.98%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     477      0.03%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        8      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     2091      0.12%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     1832      0.10%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    5173      0.29%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      3      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   208987     11.58%     91.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  142260      7.88%     99.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                1673      0.09%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              13895      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1804536                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    44                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        27494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           33417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        27494                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5923                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          33417                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4332                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4537                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8869                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    268092000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    273863000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    541955000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    268092000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    273863000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    541955000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        31826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        42286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        31826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        42286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.136115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.433748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.209738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.136115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.433748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.209738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61886.426593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60362.133568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61106.663660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61886.426593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60362.133568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61106.663660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1012                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1012                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    259428000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264789000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    524217000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    259428000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264789000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    524217000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.136115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.433748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.209738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.136115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.433748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.209738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59886.426593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58362.133568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59106.663660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59886.426593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58362.133568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59106.663660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  3886                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        27494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          33417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4537                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    268092000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    273863000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    541955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        31826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        42286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.136115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.433748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.209738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61886.426593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60362.133568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61106.663660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    259428000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264789000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    524217000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.136115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.433748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.209738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59886.426593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58362.133568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59106.663660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7570                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7570                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7570                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7570                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3368.201869                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              15127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             3886                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.892692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    93.223925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1304.180182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1970.797762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.011380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.159202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.240576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.411157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          838                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4537                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.665771                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            59196                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           59196                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1290556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1290556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1290556                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1290556                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          41924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              41924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         41924                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             41924                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1017030000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1017030000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1017030000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1017030000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1332480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1332480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24258.897052                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24258.897052                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24258.897052                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24258.897052                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         41924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    933184000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    933184000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    933184000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    933184000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22258.944757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22258.944757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22258.944757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22258.944757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      41667                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1290556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1290556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         41924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             41924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1017030000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1017030000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1332480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.031463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24258.897052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24258.897052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    933184000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    933184000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22258.944757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22258.944757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.880487                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1322210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 41667                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 31.732786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.880487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.980002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.980002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1374403                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1374403                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8869                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8869                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1012                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        18750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        18750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  18750                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       632384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       632384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  632384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            13929000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           47384000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          277248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          290368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              567616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       277248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         277248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        64768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            64768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4332                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4537                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1012                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1012                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           56052569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           58705103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              114757671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      56052569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          56052569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        13094460                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              13094460                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        13094460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          56052569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          58705103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             127852131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       928.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4332.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4382.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003941131750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            52                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            52                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                19686                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 845                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8869                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1012                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8869                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1012                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     155                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     84                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.76                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      84400250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    43570000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                247787750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9685.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28435.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5745                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      683                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  65.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 73.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8869                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1012                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3183                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     193.246623                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    128.936870                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    222.672312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1479     46.47%     46.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          983     30.88%     77.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          297      9.33%     86.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          134      4.21%     90.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           72      2.26%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           55      1.73%     94.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           32      1.01%     95.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           16      0.50%     96.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          115      3.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3183                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           52                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      166.230769                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     103.120545                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     269.400323                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              13     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            19     36.54%     61.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           11     21.15%     82.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            3      5.77%     88.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            3      5.77%     94.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      1.92%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      1.92%     98.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      1.92%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             52                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           52                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.250000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.223989                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.947132                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                18     34.62%     34.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      5.77%     40.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                31     59.62%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             52                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  557696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     9920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    57408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   567616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 64768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        112.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         11.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     114.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      13.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4944000000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      500354.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       277248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       280448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        57408                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 56052568.691932857037                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 56699528.164369761944                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 11606452.935517953709                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4332                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4537                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1012                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    123596750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    124191000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 117132751250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28531.11                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27372.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 115743825.35                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     66.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              11552520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6140310                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             29138340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2510820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      390296400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1476184860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         656243520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2572066770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         520.007175                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1691179250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    165100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3089934750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              11174100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5939175                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             33079620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             2171520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      390296400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1292291460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         811101120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2546053395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         514.747925                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2095978000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    165100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2685136000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           349620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               349620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          350169                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              350169                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          16420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              16420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         16702                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             16702                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    537681000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    537681000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    557349000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    557349000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       366040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           366040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       366871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          366871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.044858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.045526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32745.493301                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32745.493301                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33370.195186                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33370.195186                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9112                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9112                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         16420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    504841000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    504841000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    523945000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    523945000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30745.493301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30745.493301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31370.195186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31370.195186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      16446                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          198908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              198908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         11036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             11036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254731000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    254731000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       209944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          209944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.052566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23081.823124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23081.823124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    232659000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232659000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21081.823124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21081.823124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         150712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             150712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    282950000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    282950000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       156096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         156096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034492                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.034492                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52553.863299                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52553.863299                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    272182000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    272182000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034492                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034492                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50553.863299                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50553.863299                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           549                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               549                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19668000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     19668000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.339350                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.339350                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69744.680851                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69744.680851                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19104000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19104000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.339350                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339350                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67744.680851                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67744.680851                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.841101                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  359411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 16446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.854007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.841101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                383573                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               383573                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           10097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          10097                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6242                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16339                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         31827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             42287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            42287                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    673166000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    400769000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1073935000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    673166000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    400769000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1073935000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           58626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          58626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.721301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.721301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21150.783926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38314.435946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25396.339300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21150.783926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38314.435946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25396.339300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7570                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7570                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        42287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    609514000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    379849000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    989363000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    609514000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    379849000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    989363000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19150.846765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36314.435946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23396.386596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19150.846765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36314.435946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23396.386596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     47472                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          10097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            42287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    673166000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    400769000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1073935000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          58626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.721301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21150.783926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38314.435946                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25396.339300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    609514000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    379849000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    989363000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19150.846765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36314.435946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23396.386596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.585849                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  66860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                47472                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.408409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    96.235176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   229.609584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   180.741089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.187959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.448456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.353010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.989425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          261                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               115722                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              115722                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                58626                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               58625                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9112                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        83847                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  126363                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1652096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2683072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4335168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           209615000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            104186000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            83510000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4946214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4946214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                10149966000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  89941                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34296480                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   164492                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    22.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              456442320                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3657819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.010150                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10149966000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            427740                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3657819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      452187                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           393                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      313257                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           174                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2688069                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          3982                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         10149955                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   10149955                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2221688                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1331575                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       334624                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  41741                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         41741                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                52406                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               16118                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       55155                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3625523                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3625523                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7204384                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2941682                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      452058                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        765311                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     313253                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 16604      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2835621     77.52%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2469      0.07%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     23291      0.64%     78.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     843      0.02%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       10      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     2949      0.08%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2506      0.07%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    8257      0.23%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      4      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   3      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  22      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  3      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   449316     12.28%     91.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  290137      7.93%     99.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2742      0.07%     99.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              23116      0.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3657894                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    69                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        58628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        16380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           75008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        58628                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        16380                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          75008                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        10414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         17373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        10414                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6959                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        17373                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    650899000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    423699000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1074598000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    650899000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    423699000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1074598000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        92381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        92381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.150836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.298170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.188058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.150836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.298170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.188058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62502.304590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60885.040954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61854.486847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62502.304590                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60885.040954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61854.486847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2957                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2957                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        17373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        17373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    630071000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    409781000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1039852000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    630071000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    409781000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1039852000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.150836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.298170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.188058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.150836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.298170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.188058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60502.304590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58885.040954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59854.486847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60502.304590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58885.040954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59854.486847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 12310                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        58628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        16380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          75008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        10414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        17373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    650899000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    423699000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1074598000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        92381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.150836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.298170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.188058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62502.304590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60885.040954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61854.486847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    630071000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    409781000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1039852000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.150836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.298170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.188058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60502.304590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58885.040954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59854.486847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15888                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15888                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15888                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15888                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10149966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4714.448410                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              52350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            12310                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.252640                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   112.658643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2169.642044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2432.147723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.013752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.264849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.296893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.575494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6356                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          478                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5294                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.775879                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           126935                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          126935                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10149966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2599370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2599370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2599370                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2599370                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          88699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              88699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         88699                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             88699                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2240370000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2240370000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2240370000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2240370000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2688069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2688069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2688069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2688069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.032997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.032997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25258.120159                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25258.120159                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25258.120159                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25258.120159                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         88699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        88699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2062972000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2062972000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2062972000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2062972000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23258.120159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23258.120159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23258.120159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23258.120159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      88443                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2599370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2599370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         88699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             88699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2240370000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2240370000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2688069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2688069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25258.120159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25258.120159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        88699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2062972000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2062972000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23258.120159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23258.120159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10149966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.505193                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2665841                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 88443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 30.141911                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.505193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2776768                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2776768                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10149966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               17373                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              17373                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2957                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        37703                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        37703                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  37703                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1301120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1301120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1301120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            32158000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           93036500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10149966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          666496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          445376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1111872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       666496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         666496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       189248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           189248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            10414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                17373                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2957                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2957                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           65664851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           43879556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              109544406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      65664851                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          65664851                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        18645186                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              18645186                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        18645186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          65664851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          43879556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             128189592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2676.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     10414.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6640.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003941131750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           155                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           155                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                39594                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2506                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        17373                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2957                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      17373                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2957                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     319                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    281                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     178543750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    85270000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                498306250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10469.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29219.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     10570                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2010                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  61.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 75.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  17373                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2957                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    17051                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7131                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     176.796522                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    122.652696                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    196.377707                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3458     48.49%     48.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2163     30.33%     78.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          707      9.91%     88.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          291      4.08%     92.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          159      2.23%     95.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           95      1.33%     96.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           67      0.94%     97.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           39      0.55%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          152      2.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7131                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          155                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      109.909677                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      76.211605                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     167.647449                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              64     41.29%     41.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            57     36.77%     78.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           19     12.26%     90.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            6      3.87%     94.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      2.58%     96.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            2      1.29%     98.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.65%     98.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.65%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.65%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            155                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          155                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.167742                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.140763                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.959027                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                60     38.71%     38.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 9      5.81%     44.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                86     55.48%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            155                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1091456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    20416                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   170304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1111872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                189248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        107.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         16.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     109.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      18.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    10149842000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      499254.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       666496                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       424960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       170304                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 65664850.502947501838                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 41868120.543457977474                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 16778775.416587602347                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        10414                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6959                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2957                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    303518750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    194787500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 244525161500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29145.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27990.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  82693663.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     63.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              26710740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              14197095                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             60204480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             8409420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      800875920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3033327960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1343205600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5286931215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         520.881667                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3461384500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    338780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6349801500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              24233160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              12865050                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             61561080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             5481000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      800875920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2868726780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1481817120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5255560110                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         517.790908                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3824218750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    338780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5986967250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10149966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10149966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10149966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           726172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               726172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          727499                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              727499                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          37349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              37349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         37870                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             37870                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1047362000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1047362000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1071673000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1071673000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       763521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           763521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       765369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          765369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.048917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.049479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28042.571421                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28042.571421                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28298.732506                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28298.732506                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           19247                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 19247                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    972664000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    972664000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    995935000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    995935000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26042.571421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26042.571421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26298.785318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26298.785318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37613                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          423005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              423005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         27334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             27334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    626578000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    626578000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       450339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          450339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.060696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.060696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22923.026268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22923.026268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    571910000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    571910000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.060696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20923.026268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20923.026268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         303167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             303167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10015                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10015                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    420784000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    420784000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       313182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         313182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42015.376935                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42015.376935                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    400754000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    400754000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031978                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031978                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40015.376935                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40015.376935                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1327                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1327                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          521                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             521                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     24311000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     24311000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1848                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1848                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.281926                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.281926                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46662.188100                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46662.188100                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          521                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     23271000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23271000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.281926                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281926                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44666.026871                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44666.026871                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10149966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.947940                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  751421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 37613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 19.977694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.947940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                803238                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               803238                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10149966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10149966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10149966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           19657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           14530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               34187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          19657                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          14530                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              34187                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         69042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         23340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             92382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            92382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1527617000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    713188000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2240805000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1527617000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    713188000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2240805000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          126569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         126569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.729894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.729894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22125.908867                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30556.469580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24255.861531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22125.908867                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30556.469580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24255.861531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          15888                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                15888                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1389533000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    666510000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2056043000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1389533000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    666510000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2056043000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.729894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.729894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20125.908867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28556.555270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22255.883181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20125.908867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28556.555270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22255.883181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    104383                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          19657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          14530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              34187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            92382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1527617000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    713188000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2240805000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         126569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.729894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22125.908867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30556.469580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24255.861531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1389533000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    666510000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2056043000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.729894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20125.908867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28556.555270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22255.883181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10149966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.361612                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 145145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               104383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.390504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    78.134464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   287.947497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   143.279650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.152606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.562397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.279843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          260                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               250711                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              250711                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10149966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               126569                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              126568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         19247                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        94986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       177398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  272384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3655424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5676736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9332160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           443495000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            222804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           189345000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10149966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10149966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10149966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  10149966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15215497000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  99844                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34297268                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   184065                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    30.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              506333181                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000312                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5531203                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015215                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15215497000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            652474                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000312                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5531203                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      694975                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           643                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      472532                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           243                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4048872                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          6061                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15215486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15215486                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3363537                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1972769                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       509050                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  63234                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         63234                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                79565                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               25875                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       82521                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5483861                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5483861                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10862383                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4428448                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      694692                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1167218                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     472526                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22861      0.41%      0.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4286929     77.50%     77.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4149      0.08%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     27900      0.50%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1335      0.02%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4636      0.08%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     3786      0.07%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   12406      0.22%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   6      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  44      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   2      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  6      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   689977     12.47%     91.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  438523      7.93%     99.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4715      0.09%     99.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              34003      0.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5531303                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    91                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        92496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        24405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          116901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        92496                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        24405                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         116901                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        13799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         9552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         23351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13799                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9552                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        23351                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    863356000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    582168000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1445524000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    863356000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    582168000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1445524000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       140252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       140252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.281297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.166493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.281297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.166493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62566.562794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60947.236181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61904.158280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62566.562794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60947.236181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61904.158280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         4040                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             4040                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        23351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        23351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    835758000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    563064000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1398822000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    835758000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    563064000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1398822000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.281297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.281297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60566.562794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58947.236181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59904.158280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60566.562794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58947.236181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59904.158280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 17987                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        92496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        24405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         116901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        23351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    863356000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    582168000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1445524000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       140252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.281297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.166493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62566.562794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60947.236181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61904.158280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    835758000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    563064000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1398822000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.129818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.281297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60566.562794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58947.236181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59904.158280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23037                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23037                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23037                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23037                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15215497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5421.051718                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              76191                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            17987                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.235893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   124.069183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2484.371822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2812.610712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.015145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.303268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.343336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.661749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3695                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.869629                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           188400                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          188400                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15215497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3910054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3910054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3910054                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3910054                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         138818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             138818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        138818                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            138818                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3348898000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3348898000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3348898000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3348898000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4048872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4048872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4048872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4048872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.034286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24124.378683                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24124.378683                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24124.378683                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24124.378683                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        138818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       138818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3071262000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3071262000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3071262000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3071262000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22124.378683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22124.378683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22124.378683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22124.378683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     138562                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3910054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3910054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        138818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            138818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3348898000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3348898000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4048872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4048872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24124.378683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24124.378683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       138818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3071262000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3071262000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22124.378683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22124.378683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15215497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.335762                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4021670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                138562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 29.024336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.335762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4187690                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4187690                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15215497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               23351                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              23351                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4040                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        50742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        50742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  50742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1753024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1753024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1753024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            43551000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          125109750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15215497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          883136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          611328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1494464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       883136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         883136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       258560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           258560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            13799                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             9552                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                23351                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4040                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4040                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           58041877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           40177984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               98219861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      58041877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          58041877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        16993201                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              16993201                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        16993201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          58041877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          40177984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             115213062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3692.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     13799.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      9139.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003941131750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           213                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           213                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                53720                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3449                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        23351                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4040                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      23351                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4040                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     413                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    348                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     240627000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   114690000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                670714500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10490.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29240.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     13983                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2741                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  23351                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4040                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    22934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         9876                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     172.377481                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    119.748244                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    193.590560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4954     50.16%     50.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2922     29.59%     79.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          929      9.41%     89.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          389      3.94%     93.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          215      2.18%     95.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          129      1.31%     96.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           82      0.83%     97.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           47      0.48%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          209      2.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          9876                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          213                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      106.915493                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      77.703976                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     146.997665                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              85     39.91%     39.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            82     38.50%     78.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           25     11.74%     90.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            9      4.23%     94.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            7      3.29%     97.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            2      0.94%     98.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.47%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.47%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.47%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            213                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          213                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.192488                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.165431                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.959333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                81     38.03%     38.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                10      4.69%     42.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               122     57.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            213                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1468032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    26432                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   234368                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1494464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                258560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         96.48                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         15.40                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      98.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      16.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15210412000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      555306.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       883136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       584896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       234368                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 58041876.647210404277                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 38440808.078763380647                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 15403243.154002791271                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        13799                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         9552                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4040                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    403014250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    267700250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 348933229000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29206.05                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28025.57                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  86369611.14                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     62.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              36007020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              19138185                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             78575700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10930680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1201006560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4209684840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2297753280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7853096265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         516.124860                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5930598000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    508040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8776859000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              34507620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              18341235                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             85201620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             8184960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1201006560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4084769340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2402945280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7834956615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         514.932678                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6207187250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    508040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8500269750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15215497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15215497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15215497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1109066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1109066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1111492                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1111492                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          55029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              55029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         55915                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             55915                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1501085000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1501085000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1538422000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1538422000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1164095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1164095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1167407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1167407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.047272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.047897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27278.071562                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27278.071562                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27513.583117                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27513.583117                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           27853                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 27853                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         55029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1391029000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1391029000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1426594000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1426594000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25278.107907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25278.107907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25513.618886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25513.618886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      55658                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          651285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              651285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         40378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             40378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    911677000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    911677000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       691663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          691663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.058378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.058378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22578.557630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22578.557630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        40378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    830923000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    830923000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.058378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20578.607162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20578.607162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         457781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             457781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        14651                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            14651                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    589408000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    589408000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       472432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         472432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40229.881919                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40229.881919                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    560106000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    560106000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38229.881919                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38229.881919                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          2426                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              2426                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          886                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             886                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     37337000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     37337000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3312                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3312                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.267512                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.267512                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42141.083521                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42141.083521                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          886                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          886                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     35565000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35565000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.267512                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.267512                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40141.083521                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40141.083521                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15215497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.298191                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1134987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 55658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 20.392163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.298191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1223321                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1223321                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15215497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15215497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15215497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           32523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           21957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               54480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          32523                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          21957                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              54480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        106295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            140253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           140253                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2217593000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1004505000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3222098000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2217593000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1004505000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3222098000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          194733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         194733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.720232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.720232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20862.627593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29580.805701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22973.469373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20862.627593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29580.805701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22973.469373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          23037                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                23037                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       140253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       140253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2005003000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    936591000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2941594000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2005003000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    936591000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2941594000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18862.627593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27580.864597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20973.483633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18862.627593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27580.864597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20973.483633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    158152                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          32523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          21957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              54480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           140253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2217593000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1004505000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3222098000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         194733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.720232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20862.627593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29580.805701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22973.469373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       140253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2005003000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    936591000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2941594000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18862.627593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27580.864597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20973.483633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15215497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.239982                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 220306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               158152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.393002                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    72.909163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   299.419326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   137.911493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.142401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.584803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.269358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          284                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               381250                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              381250                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15215497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               194733                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              194732                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         27853                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       139682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       277636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  417318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5361088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8884352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 14245440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           694090000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            333998000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           279570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15215497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15215497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15215497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15215497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19734980000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 106218                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34298708                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   198593                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    37.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              524005908                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000317                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7479360                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019735                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19734980000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            895267                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000317                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7479360                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      932194                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           700                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      613152                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           268                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5407681                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          6266                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19734969                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19734969                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4638479                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2621310                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       700707                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  94269                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         94269                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               128788                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               49951                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      108952                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7403974                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7403974                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14593195                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5969375                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      931116                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1544257                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     613141                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30375      0.41%      0.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5827617     77.91%     78.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5114      0.07%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     29856      0.40%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2403      0.03%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    10184      0.14%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        6      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7628      0.10%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   21938      0.29%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   9      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  48      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   3      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  8      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   923132     12.34%     91.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  574235      7.68%     99.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                7984      0.11%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              38906      0.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7479471                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   100                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst       118173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        30466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          148639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst       118173                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        30466                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         148639                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        15295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        10801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         26096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        15295                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10801                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        26096                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    956086000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    656255000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1612341000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    956086000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    656255000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1612341000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       133468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        41267                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       174735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       133468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        41267                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       174735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.114597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.261735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.149346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.114597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.261735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.149346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62509.709055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60758.726044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61784.986205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62509.709055                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60758.726044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61784.986205                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         4607                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             4607                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        26096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        26096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    925496000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    634653000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1560149000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    925496000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    634653000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1560149000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.114597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.261735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.114597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.261735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60509.709055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58758.726044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59784.986205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60509.709055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58758.726044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59784.986205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 20553                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst       118173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        30466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         148639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        15295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        26096                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    956086000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    656255000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1612341000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       133468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        41267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       174735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.114597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.261735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.149346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62509.709055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60758.726044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61784.986205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    925496000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    634653000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1560149000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.114597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.261735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60509.709055                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58758.726044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59784.986205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        28406                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        28406                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        28406                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        28406                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19734980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5854.385568                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              94524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            20553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.599037                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   133.569762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2564.057809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3156.757997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.016305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.312995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.385346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.714647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7545                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          854                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2498                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.921021                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           231239                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          231239                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19734980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5230267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5230267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5230267                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5230267                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         177414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             177414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        177414                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            177414                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4127573000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4127573000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4127573000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4127573000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5407681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5407681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5407681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5407681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.032808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.032808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23265.204550                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23265.204550                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23265.204550                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23265.204550                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       177414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        177414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       177414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       177414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3772747000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3772747000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3772747000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3772747000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21265.215823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21265.215823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21265.215823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21265.215823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     177157                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5230267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5230267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        177414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            177414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4127573000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4127573000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5407681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5407681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23265.204550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23265.204550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       177414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       177414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3772747000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3772747000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21265.215823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21265.215823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19734980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.716887                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5387276                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                177157                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 30.409614                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.716887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5585094                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5585094                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19734980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               26096                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              26096                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4607                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        56799                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        56799                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  56799                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1964992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1964992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1964992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            49131000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          139769750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19734980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          978880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          691264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1670144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       978880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         978880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       294848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           294848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            15295                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            10801                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                26096                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4607                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4607                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           49601266                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           35027347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               84628614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      49601266                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          49601266                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        14940375                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              14940375                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        14940375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          49601266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          35027347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              99568989                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4075.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     15295.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     10316.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005989082500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           236                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           236                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                60779                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3817                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        26096                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4607                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      26096                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4607                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     485                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    532                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.22                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     266525250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   128055000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                746731500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10406.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29156.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     15616                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3031                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  26096                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4607                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    25607                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        11015                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     172.343895                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    119.155780                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    195.501029                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5607     50.90%     50.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3163     28.72%     79.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1068      9.70%     89.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          421      3.82%     93.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          230      2.09%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          137      1.24%     96.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           87      0.79%     97.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           51      0.46%     97.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          251      2.28%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         11015                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          236                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      108.258475                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      75.860597                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     150.726231                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             100     42.37%     42.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            85     36.02%     78.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           26     11.02%     89.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            9      3.81%     93.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            7      2.97%     96.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            5      2.12%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.42%     98.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.42%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      0.42%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            236                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          236                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.165254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.137912                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.964376                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                93     39.41%     39.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                11      4.66%     44.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               132     55.93%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            236                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1639104                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    31040                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   259264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1670144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                294848                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         83.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         13.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      84.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      14.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19702236000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      641703.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       978880                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       660224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       259264                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 49601266.380812145770                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 33454505.654426809400                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 13137282.125444263220                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        15295                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        10801                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4607                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    445837500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    300894000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 479351012500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29149.23                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27857.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 104048407.31                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     62.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              39819780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              21164715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             85929900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            11844180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1557497760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4937752110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3420125280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10074133725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         510.470937                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8840794750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    658840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10235345250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              38827320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              20637210                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             96932640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             9302040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1557497760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4760313390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3569547360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10053057720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         509.402985                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9232783000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    658840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9843357000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19734980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19734980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19734980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1473219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1473219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1476353                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1476353                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          67825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              67825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         68882                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             68882                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1790105000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1790105000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1834177000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1834177000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1541044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1541044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1545235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1545235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.044012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.044577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26392.996683                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26392.996683                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26627.812781                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26627.812781                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           34470                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 34470                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        67825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         67825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        68882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1654455000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1654455000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1696413000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1696413000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24392.996683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24392.996683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24627.812781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24627.812781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      68626                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          877767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              877767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         50235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             50235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1111694000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1111694000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       928002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          928002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.054132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22129.869613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22129.869613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        50235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1011224000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011224000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20129.869613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20129.869613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         595452                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             595452                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        17590                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            17590                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    678411000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    678411000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       613042                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         613042                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028693                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.028693                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38567.993178                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38567.993178                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17590                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        17590                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    643231000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    643231000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028693                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028693                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36567.993178                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36567.993178                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3134                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3134                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1057                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1057                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     44072000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     44072000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4191                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          4191                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.252207                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.252207                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41695.364238                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41695.364238                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1057                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1057                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     41958000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41958000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.252207                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252207                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39695.364238                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39695.364238                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19734980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.458911                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1529142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 68626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.282255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.458911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1614117                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1614117                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19734980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19734980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19734980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           43945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           27615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               71560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          43945                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          27615                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              71560                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        133469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         41267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            174736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       133469                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        41267                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           174736                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2660580000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1171124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3831704000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2660580000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1171124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3831704000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       177414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        68882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          246296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       177414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        68882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         246296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.709455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.709455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19934.067087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28379.189183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21928.532186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19934.067087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28379.189183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21928.532186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          28406                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                28406                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       133469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       174736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       133469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       174736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2393644000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1088590000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3482234000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2393644000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1088590000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3482234000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17934.082071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26379.189183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19928.543632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17934.082071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26379.189183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19928.543632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    197050                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          43945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          27615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              71560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       133469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        41267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           174736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2660580000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1171124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3831704000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       177414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        68882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         246296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.709455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19934.067087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28379.189183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21928.532186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       133469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       174736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2393644000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1088590000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3482234000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17934.082071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26379.189183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19928.543632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34470                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34470                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34470                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34470                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19734980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.643041                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 279613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               197050                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.418995                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    71.356748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   295.951311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   143.334983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.139369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.578030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.279951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               478328                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              478328                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19734980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               246296                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              246295                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         34470                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       172234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       354827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  527061                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6614528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     11354432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 17968960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           887065000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            418646000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           344410000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19734980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19734980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19734980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19734980000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21500984000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 106372                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34300672                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   199261                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    41.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              518790423                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4408491                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8258244                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021501                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21500984000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            995054                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4408491                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8258244                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1029722                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           913                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      667478                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           277                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5953482                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          6374                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21500984                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               21500983.999000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5172739                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2898049                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       784423                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  95533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         95533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               130714                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               50915                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      118200                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.001000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8179813                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8179813                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16068621                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6592379                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1028639                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1696101                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     667462                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 32134      0.39%      0.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6451582     78.12%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5174      0.06%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     30198      0.37%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2413      0.03%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    10564      0.13%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        6      0.00%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7860      0.10%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   22230      0.27%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   9      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  48      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   3      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  8      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1020403     12.36%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  628478      7.61%     99.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                8236      0.10%     99.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              38984      0.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8258355                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   152                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst       123518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        35857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          159375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst       123518                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        35857                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         159375                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        15891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        11630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         27521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        15891                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        11630                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        27521                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    993991000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    707583000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1701574000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    993991000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    707583000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1701574000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       186896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       186896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.113988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.244909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.147253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.113988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.244909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.147253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62550.563212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60841.186586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61828.203917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62550.563212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60841.186586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61828.203917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         4844                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             4844                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        27521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        27521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    962209000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    684323000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1646532000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    962209000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    684323000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1646532000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.113988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.244909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.113988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.244909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60550.563212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58841.186586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59828.203917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60550.563212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58841.186586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59828.203917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 22022                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst       123518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        35857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         159375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        15891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        11630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        27521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    993991000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    707583000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1701574000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       186896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.113988                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.244909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.147253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62550.563212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60841.186586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61828.203917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    962209000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    684323000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1646532000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.113988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.244909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60550.563212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58841.186586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59828.203917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        32033                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        32033                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        32033                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        32033                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21500984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5994.220633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             218929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            29603                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             7.395500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   136.187931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2576.843613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3281.189090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.016625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.314556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.400536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.731716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7581                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          712                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2291                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.925415                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           248532                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          248532                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21500984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5767868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5767868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5767868                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5767868                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         185614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             185614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        185614                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            185614                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4311440000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4311440000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4311440000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4311440000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5953482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5953482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5953482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5953482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23227.989268                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23227.989268                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23227.989268                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23227.989268                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       185614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        185614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       185614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       185614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3940212000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3940212000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3940212000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3940212000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21227.989268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21227.989268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21227.989268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21227.989268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     185358                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5767868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5767868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        185614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            185614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4311440000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4311440000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5953482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5953482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.031177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23227.989268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23227.989268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       185614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       185614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3940212000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3940212000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21227.989268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21227.989268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21500984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.822277                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5953482                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                185614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.074531                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.822277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6139096                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6139096                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21500984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               27521                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              27521                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4844                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        59886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        59886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  59886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2071360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2071360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2071360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            51741000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          147424250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21500984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1017024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          744320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1761344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1017024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1017024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       310016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           310016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            15891                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            11630                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                27521                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4844                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4844                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           47301277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           34617951                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               81919228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      47301277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          47301277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        14418689                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              14418689                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        14418689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          47301277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          34617951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              96337916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4292.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     15891.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     11130.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005989082500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           248                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           249                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                64286                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4020                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        27521                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4844                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      27521                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4844                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     500                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    552                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     281916250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   135105000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                788560000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10433.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29183.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     16392                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3176                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  27521                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4844                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    27017                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        11712                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     170.846995                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    118.705073                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    192.725988                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5966     50.94%     50.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3384     28.89%     79.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1135      9.69%     89.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          446      3.81%     93.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          243      2.07%     95.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          141      1.20%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           91      0.78%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           52      0.44%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          254      2.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         11712                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          249                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      108.518072                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      76.294902                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     148.603284                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             105     42.17%     42.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            90     36.14%     78.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           27     10.84%     89.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           10      4.02%     93.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            7      2.81%     95.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            5      2.01%     97.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.40%     98.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.40%     98.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.40%     99.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      0.40%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.40%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            249                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.173387                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.146055                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.964017                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                97     39.11%     39.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                11      4.44%     43.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               140     56.45%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1729344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    32000                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   273088                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1761344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                310016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         80.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         12.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      81.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      14.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21500953000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      664327.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1017024                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       712320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       273088                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 47301277.002020001411                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 33129646.531526185572                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 12701186.141062194481                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        15891                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        11630                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4844                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    463854750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    324705250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 520514603500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29189.78                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27919.63                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 107455533.34                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     62.49                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              42211680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              22417065                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             90492360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            12481020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1697021040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5290280010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3801405600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10956308775                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         509.572435                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9828478750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    717860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10954645250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              41469120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              22022385                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            102437580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             9761400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1697021040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5136781290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3930667680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10940160495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         508.821387                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10167965000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    717860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  10615159000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21500984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21500984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21500984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1613286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1613286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1619606                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1619606                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          74626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              74626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         77483                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             77483                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1955445000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1955445000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2037852000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2037852000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1687912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1687912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1697089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1697089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.044212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.045656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26203.266958                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26203.266958                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26300.633687                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26300.633687                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           38702                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 38702                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        74626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         74626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        77483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        77483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1806193000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1806193000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1882886000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1882886000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24203.266958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24203.266958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24300.633687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24300.633687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      77227                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          964606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              964606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         55938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             55938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1252792000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1252792000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1020544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1020544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.054812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22396.081376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22396.081376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1140916000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1140916000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20396.081376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20396.081376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         648680                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             648680                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        18688                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            18688                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    702653000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    702653000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       667368                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         667368                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028003                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.028003                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37599.154538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37599.154538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18688                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        18688                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    665277000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    665277000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028003                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028003                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35599.154538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35599.154538                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          6320                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              6320                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2857                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2857                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     82407000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     82407000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9177                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9177                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.311322                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.311322                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28843.892195                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28843.892195                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2857                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2857                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     76693000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76693000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.311322                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311322                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26843.892195                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26843.892195                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21500984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.503354                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1697089                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 77483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.902727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.503354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1774572                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1774572                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21500984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21500984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21500984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           46205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           29996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               76201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          46205                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          29996                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              76201                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        139409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         47487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            186896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           186896                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2774526000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1301654000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4076180000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2774526000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1301654000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4076180000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       185614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        77483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          263097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       185614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        77483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         263097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.751069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.710369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.751069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.710369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19902.057973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27410.743993                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21809.883572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19902.057973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27410.743993                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21809.883572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          32033                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                32033                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       186896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       186896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2495708000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1206680000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3702388000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2495708000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1206680000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3702388000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.751069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.710369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.751069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.710369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17902.057973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25410.743993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19809.883572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17902.057973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25410.743993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19809.883572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    212089                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          46205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          29996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              76201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           186896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2774526000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1301654000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4076180000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       185614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        77483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         263097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.751069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.710369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19902.057973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27410.743993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21809.883572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       186896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2495708000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1206680000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3702388000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.751069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.710369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17902.057973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25410.743993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19809.883572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        38702                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        38702                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        38702                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        38702                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21500984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.754497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 301799                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               212601                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.419556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    73.020103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   290.427170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   147.307224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.142617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.567241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.287709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          294                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               514400                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              514400                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21500984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               263097                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              263097                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         38702                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       193668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       371228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  564896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7435840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     11879296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 19315136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           928070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            456607000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           387415000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21500984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21500984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21500984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21500984000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
