
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4235829000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  90945                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34211228                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   178001                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    11.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              385212137                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000012                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1957307                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004236                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4235829000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            218932                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000012                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1957307                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      183786                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            35                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      130535                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            92                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1330364                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            90                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4235818                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4235818                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1243415                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              640901                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       167734                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  84033                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         84033                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               125416                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               65635                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       28371                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1896497                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1896497                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3666923                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1560077                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      182974                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        313399                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     130425                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 15388      0.79%      0.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1556399     79.52%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1608      0.08%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     12886      0.66%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1125      0.06%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      506      0.03%     81.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    16673      0.85%     81.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13388      0.68%     82.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   15708      0.80%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    827      0.04%     83.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                4280      0.22%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1712      0.09%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               2568      0.13%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                856      0.04%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   160941      8.22%     92.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  126721      6.47%     98.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               22033      1.13%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               3704      0.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1957323                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    67                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        10576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           11226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10576                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          650                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          11226                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          5848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1921                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3927                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         5848                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123744000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    233191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    356935000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123744000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    233191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    356935000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        12497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        17074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        12497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        17074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.153717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.857986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.342509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.153717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.857986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.342509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64416.449766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59381.461676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61035.396717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64416.449766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59381.461676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61035.396717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          757                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              757                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         5848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         5848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    119902000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    225337000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    345239000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    119902000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    225337000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    345239000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.153717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.857986                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.153717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.857986                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62416.449766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57381.461676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59035.396717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62416.449766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57381.461676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59035.396717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2527                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          11226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         5848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123744000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    233191000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    356935000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        12497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        17074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.153717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.857986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.342509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64416.449766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59381.461676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61035.396717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    119902000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    225337000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    345239000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.153717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.857986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62416.449766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57381.461676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59035.396717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4235829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2904.729060                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               3759                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.487535                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    42.552151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   476.466002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2385.710907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.010389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.116325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.582449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.709162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3549                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3295                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.866455                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            27099                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           27099                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4235829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1302015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1302015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1302015                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1302015                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          28349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              28349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         28349                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             28349                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    595334000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    595334000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    595334000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    595334000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1330364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1330364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1330364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1330364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21000.176373                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21000.176373                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21000.176373                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21000.176373                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         28349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    538636000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    538636000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    538636000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    538636000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19000.176373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19000.176373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19000.176373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19000.176373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28093                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1302015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1302015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         28349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             28349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    595334000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    595334000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1330364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1330364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21000.176373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21000.176373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    538636000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    538636000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19000.176373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19000.176373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4235829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.046627                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1127330                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28093                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 40.128502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.046627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.980651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.980651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1358713                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1358713                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4235829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5848                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5848                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          757                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        12453                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        12453                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12453                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       422720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       422720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  422720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             9633000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           31242750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4235829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          122944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          251328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              374272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       122944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         122944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        48448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            48448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1921                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3927                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           757                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 757                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           29024779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           59333840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               88358619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      29024779                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          29024779                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        11437667                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              11437667                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        11437667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          29024779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          59333840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              99796285                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       657.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1921.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3920.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004788790500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            37                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            37                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                13504                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 593                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5848                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         757                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5848                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       757                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    100                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       20.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      52498500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    29205000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                162017250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8987.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27737.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4020                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      507                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5848                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   757                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5841                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1944                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     213.037037                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    129.533042                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    266.802285                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1027     52.83%     52.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          386     19.86%     72.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          272     13.99%     86.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           34      1.75%     88.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           35      1.80%     90.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           19      0.98%     91.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           22      1.13%     92.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           21      1.08%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          128      6.58%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1944                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           37                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      155.756757                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      46.028357                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     474.445548                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             30     81.08%     81.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      8.11%     89.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      5.41%     94.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      2.70%     97.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      2.70%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             37                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           37                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.027027                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.997596                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.013423                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                18     48.65%     48.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                19     51.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             37                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  373824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    40320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   374272                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 48448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         88.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          9.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      88.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      11.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4235189000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      641209.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       122944                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       250880                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        40320                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 29024778.856747996062                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 59228075.543181747198                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 9518797.855154208839                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1921                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3927                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          757                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     59567750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    102449500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  79056136250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31008.72                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26088.49                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 104433469.29                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9160620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4868985                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             22283940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1482480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      334364160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1153751820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         655030560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2180942565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         514.879747                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1691381500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    141289000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2403158500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4719540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2508495                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             19420800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1806120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      334364160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         706696830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1031503200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2101019145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         496.011323                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2673905750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    141275250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1420648000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4235829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4235829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4235829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           307355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               307355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          307359                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              307359                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6946                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6946                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    342486000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    342486000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    348230000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    348230000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       314224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           314224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       314305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          314305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49859.659339                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49859.659339                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50133.890009                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50133.890009                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5017                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5017                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    328750000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    328750000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    334340000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    334340000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47859.950502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47859.950502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48134.177944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48134.177944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6689                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          181649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              181649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     65028000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     65028000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       183705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          183705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31628.404669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31628.404669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     60916000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60916000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29628.404669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29628.404669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         125706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             125706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4813                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4813                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    277458000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    277458000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       130519                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         130519                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036876                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.036876                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57647.621026                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57647.621026                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4813                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4813                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    267834000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    267834000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036876                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036876                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55648.036568                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55648.036568                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5744000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5744000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           81                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            81                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.950617                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.950617                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5590000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5590000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.950617                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.950617                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4235829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               249.625009                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  293107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6689                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 43.819255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   249.625009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.975098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.975098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                321250                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               321250                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4235829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4235829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4235829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           15852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               18220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          15852                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2368                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              18220                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         12497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             17075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        12497                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4578                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            17075                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    282363000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    284838000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    567201000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    282363000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    284838000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    567201000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        28349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           35295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        28349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          35295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.483780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.483780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22594.462671                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62218.872870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33218.213763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22594.462671                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62218.872870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33218.213763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3949                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3949                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        17075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    257369000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    275684000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    533053000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    257369000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    275684000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    533053000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440827                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440827                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20594.462671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60219.309742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31218.330893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20594.462671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60219.309742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31218.330893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     18726                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          15852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              18220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        12497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            17075                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    282363000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    284838000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    567201000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        28349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          35295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440827                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.483780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22594.462671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62218.872870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33218.213763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    257369000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    275684000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    533053000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20594.462671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60219.309742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31218.330893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5017                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5017                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5017                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5017                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4235829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              501.949477                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  36282                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                18726                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.937520                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    75.361818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   180.099632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.488027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.147191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.351757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.481422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                59550                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               59550                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4235829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                35295                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               35294                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5017                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        56698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   75606                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       765568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1814336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2579904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           141745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             60380000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            34725000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4235829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4235829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4235829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4235829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8331886000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 103582                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34212020                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   205284                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    19.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              431511886                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3963732                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008332                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8331886000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            443697                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3963732                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      376533                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            35                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      250203                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           119                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2652586                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            90                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8331875                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8331875                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2534591                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1280306                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       336803                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 192809                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        192809                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               287449                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              150632                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       58902                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3825199                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3825199                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7400080                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3159878                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      374713                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        624662                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     249949                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 34821      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3139839     79.21%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2701      0.07%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     29770      0.75%     80.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2594      0.07%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1254      0.03%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    37527      0.95%     81.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    30796      0.78%     82.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   35999      0.91%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   1930      0.05%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                9940      0.25%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                3976      0.10%     84.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               5964      0.15%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               1988      0.05%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   323791      8.17%     92.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  241521      6.09%     98.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               50922      1.28%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               8428      0.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3963761                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    72                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        24469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           25931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        24469                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1462                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          25931                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3242                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4735                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7977                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    214876000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    282283000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    497159000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    214876000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    282283000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    497159000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        27711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        33908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        27711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        33908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.764079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.235254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.764079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.235254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66278.840222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59616.261880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62324.056663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66278.840222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59616.261880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62324.056663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1459                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1459                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    208392000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    272813000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    481205000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    208392000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    272813000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    481205000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.764079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.764079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64278.840222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57616.261880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60324.056663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64278.840222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57616.261880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60324.056663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  4836                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        24469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          25931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    214876000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    282283000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    497159000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        27711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        33908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.764079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.235254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66278.840222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59616.261880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62324.056663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    208392000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    272813000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    481205000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.116993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.764079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64278.840222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57616.261880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60324.056663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8331886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3247.323148                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               9216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             4836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.905707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    65.352840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   470.328667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2711.641641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.015955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.114826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.662022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.792804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3651                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.891357                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            47620                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           47620                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8331886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2587921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2587921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2587921                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2587921                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          64665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              64665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         64665                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             64665                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1289638000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1289638000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1289638000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1289638000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2652586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2652586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2652586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2652586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.024378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.024378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19943.369674                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19943.369674                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19943.369674                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19943.369674                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         64665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1160310000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1160310000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1160310000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1160310000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17943.400603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17943.400603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17943.400603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17943.400603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      64408                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2587921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2587921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         64665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             64665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1289638000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1289638000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2652586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2652586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19943.369674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19943.369674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1160310000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1160310000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17943.400603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17943.400603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8331886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.481765                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2270558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 64408                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 35.252733                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.481765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2717250                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2717250                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8331886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7977                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7977                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1459                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        17413                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        17413                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  17413                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       603904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       603904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  603904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15272000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           42787250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8331886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          207488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          303040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              510528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       207488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         207488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        93376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            93376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3242                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4735                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7977                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1459                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1459                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           24902885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           36371117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               61274002                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      24902885                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          24902885                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        11207066                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              11207066                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        11207066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          24902885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          36371117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              72481069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1229.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3242.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4727.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004788790500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            69                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            69                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                19509                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1128                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7977                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1459                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7977                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1459                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    230                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.23                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      81676000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    39845000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                231094750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10249.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28999.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4932                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      972                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  61.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7977                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1459                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7969                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3261                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     179.871205                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    112.570461                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    239.058784                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1957     60.01%     60.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          632     19.38%     79.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          327     10.03%     89.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           53      1.63%     91.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           47      1.44%     92.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           28      0.86%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           35      1.07%     94.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           30      0.92%     95.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          152      4.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3261                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           69                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      115.101449                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      48.414466                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     350.002779                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             56     81.16%     81.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            9     13.04%     94.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      2.90%     97.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      1.45%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      1.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             69                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           69                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.347826                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.322208                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.936610                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                22     31.88%     31.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      1.45%     33.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                46     66.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             69                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  510016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    76608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   510528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 93376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         61.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          9.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      61.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      11.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8331412000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      882938.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       207488                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       302528                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        76608                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 24902885.133089914918                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 36309666.262836530805                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 9194556.910644240677                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3242                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4735                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1459                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    106478000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    124616750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 178197336500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     32843.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26318.22                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 122136625.43                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              15436680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               8200995                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             30487800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1999260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      657664800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2033212230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1487265600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4234267365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         508.200348                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3846025750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    278200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4207660250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7854000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4174500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             26410860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4249080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      657664800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1226775090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2166370560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4093498890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         491.305197                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5618796250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    278200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2434889750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8331886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8331886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8331886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           615415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               615415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          615425                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              615425                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          11205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              11205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         11282                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             11282                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    462039000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    462039000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    467783000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    467783000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       626620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           626620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       626707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          626707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.018002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41235.073628                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41235.073628                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41462.772558                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41462.772558                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7443                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7443                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         11205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    439629000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    439629000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    445219000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    445219000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39235.073628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39235.073628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39462.772558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39462.772558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      11026                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          372305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              372305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    111793000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    111793000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       376446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          376446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26996.619174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26996.619174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    103511000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103511000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24996.619174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24996.619174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         243110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             243110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7064                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7064                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    350246000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    350246000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       250174                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         250174                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028236                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.028236                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49581.823330                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49581.823330                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7064                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7064                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    336118000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    336118000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028236                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028236                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47581.823330                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47581.823330                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            10                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                10                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5744000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5744000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           87                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            87                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885057                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.885057                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5590000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5590000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885057                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885057                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8331886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.759032                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  600924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 11026                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 54.500635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.759032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.987340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                637989                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               637989                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8331886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8331886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8331886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           36953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               42038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          36953                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5085                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              42038                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         27712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             33909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        27712                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6197                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            33909                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    568635000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    353374000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    922009000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    568635000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    353374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    922009000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        64665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        11282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           75947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        64665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        11282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          75947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.446482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.446482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20519.450058                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57023.398419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27190.686838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20519.450058                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57023.398419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27190.686838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        27712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        33909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        27712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        33909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    513213000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    340980000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    854193000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    513213000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    340980000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    854193000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18519.522229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55023.398419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25190.745820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18519.522229                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55023.398419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25190.745820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     36500                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          36953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              42038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        27712                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            33909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    568635000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    353374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    922009000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        64665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          75947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.446482                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20519.450058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57023.398419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27190.686838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        27712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        33909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    513213000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    340980000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    854193000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18519.522229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55023.398419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25190.745820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7443                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7443                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7443                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7443                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8331886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.890437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  77008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                36500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.109808                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    80.472668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   195.861162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   230.556606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.157173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.382541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.450306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.990020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               120402                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              120402                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8331886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                75947                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               75946                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7443                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        30007                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       129329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  159336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1198400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4138496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5336896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           323320000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            113162000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            56410000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8331886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8331886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8331886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8331886000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12420645000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 109858                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34212020                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   218634                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    27.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              454831291                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000008                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5970507                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012421                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12420645000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            668605                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000008                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5970507                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      569579                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      369157                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           141                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3974390                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            91                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12420634                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12420634                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3826839                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1919900                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       505995                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 302289                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        302289                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               450860                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              236292                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       89370                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5753730                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5753730                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11132800                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4760159                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      566744                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        935503                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     368759                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 54278      0.91%      0.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4723373     79.11%     80.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     3788      0.06%     80.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     46815      0.78%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4062      0.07%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     2016      0.03%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    58337      0.98%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    48200      0.81%     82.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   56240      0.94%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   3032      0.05%     83.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               15865      0.27%     84.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                6346      0.11%     84.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               9519      0.16%     84.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               3173      0.05%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   486665      8.15%     92.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  355657      5.96%     98.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               80079      1.34%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              13102      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5970547                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    77                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        38336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           40656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        38336                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2320                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          40656                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         10019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4529                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5490                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        10019                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    303710000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329184000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    632894000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    303710000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329184000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    632894000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        42865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        50675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        42865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        50675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.702945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.197711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.702945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.197711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67058.953411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59960.655738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63169.378181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67058.953411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59960.655738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63169.378181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2089                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2089                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        10019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        10019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    294652000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    318204000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    612856000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    294652000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    318204000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    612856000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.702945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.197711                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.702945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.197711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65058.953411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57960.655738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61169.378181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65058.953411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57960.655738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61169.378181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  7039                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        38336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          40656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        10019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    303710000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329184000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    632894000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        42865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        50675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.702945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.197711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67058.953411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59960.655738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63169.378181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    294652000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    318204000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    612856000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.105657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.702945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.197711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65058.953411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57960.655738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61169.378181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6577                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6577                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6577                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6577                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12420645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3390.718173                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              16260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             7039                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.309987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    78.400115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   460.504754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2851.813304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.019141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.112428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.696243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.827812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3719                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1514                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2049                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.907959                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            68010                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           68010                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12420645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3873503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3873503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3873503                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3873503                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         100887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             100887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        100887                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            100887                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1980085000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1980085000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1980085000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1980085000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3974390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3974390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3974390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3974390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19626.760633                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19626.760633                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19626.760633                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19626.760633                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       100887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        100887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       100887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1778313000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1778313000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1778313000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1778313000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17626.780457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17626.780457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17626.780457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17626.780457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     100630                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3873503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3873503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        100887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            100887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1980085000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1980085000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3974390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3974390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19626.760633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19626.760633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       100887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1778313000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1778313000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17626.780457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17626.780457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12420645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.310744                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3393465                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                100630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.722200                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.310744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4075276                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4075276                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12420645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10019                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10019                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2089                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        22127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        22127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  22127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       774912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       774912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  774912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            20464000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           53862250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12420645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          289856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          351360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              641216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       289856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         289856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       133696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           133696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5490                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10019                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2089                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2089                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           23336630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           28288386                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               51625016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      23336630                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          23336630                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        10764014                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              10764014                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        10764014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          23336630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          28288386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              62389031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1733.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4529.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5479.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004788790500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            98                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            98                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                25263                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1615                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10019                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2089                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10019                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2089                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    356                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                73                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     110958750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    50040000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                298608750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11087.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29837.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5787                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1405                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  57.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10019                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2089                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10008                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     165.631265                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    106.029291                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    224.236496                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2857     63.08%     63.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          866     19.12%     82.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          378      8.35%     90.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           73      1.61%     92.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           59      1.30%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           38      0.84%     94.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           47      1.04%     95.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           40      0.88%     96.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          171      3.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           98                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      101.744898                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      48.377786                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     295.726026                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             79     80.61%     80.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           15     15.31%     95.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      2.04%     97.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      1.02%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      1.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             98                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           98                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.479592                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.457019                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.876140                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                25     25.51%     25.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      1.02%     26.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                72     73.47%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             98                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  640512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   109632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   641216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                133696                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         51.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          8.83                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      51.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      10.76                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12407813000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1024761.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       289856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       350656                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       109632                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 23336630.263565219939                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 28231706.163407780230                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 8826594.754137163982                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4529                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5490                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2089                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    152231750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    146377000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 276845832000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     33612.66                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26662.48                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 132525529.92                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              22662360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              12045330                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             42425880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             4217760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      980350800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3032595510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2215763040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6310060680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         508.030032                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5729719500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    414700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6276225500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9674700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5142225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             29031240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4724100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      980350800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1638063720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3390105600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6057092385                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         487.663272                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8795641750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    414700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3210303250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12420645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12420645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12420645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           923043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               923043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          923058                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              923058                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          15560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              15560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         15638                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             15638                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    579751000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    579751000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    585511000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    585511000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       938603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           938603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       938696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          938696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37259.061697                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37259.061697                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37441.552628                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37441.552628                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9883                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9883                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    548631000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    548631000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    554235000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    554235000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35259.061697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35259.061697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35441.552628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35441.552628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      15382                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          563268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              563268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    158019000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    158019000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       569486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          569486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25413.155355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25413.155355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    145583000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145583000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23413.155355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23413.155355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         359775                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             359775                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9342                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9342                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    421732000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    421732000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       369117                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         369117                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025309                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.025309                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45143.652323                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45143.652323                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9342                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9342                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    403048000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    403048000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025309                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025309                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43143.652323                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43143.652323                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            15                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                15                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           93                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            93                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838710                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.838710                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838710                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.838710                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12420645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.825928                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  923913                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 15382                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 60.064556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.825928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                954334                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               954334                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12420645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12420645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12420645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           58021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               65849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          58021                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7828                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              65849                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         42866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          7810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        42866                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50676                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    851897000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    419734000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1271631000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    851897000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    419734000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1271631000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       100887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          116525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       100887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         116525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.434894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.434894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19873.489479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53743.149808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25093.357803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19873.489479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53743.149808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25093.357803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6577                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6577                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    766167000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    404114000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1170281000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    766167000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    404114000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1170281000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17873.536136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51743.149808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23093.397269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17873.536136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51743.149808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23093.397269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     54329                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          58021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              65849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        42866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    851897000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    419734000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1271631000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       100887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         116525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.434894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19873.489479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53743.149808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25093.357803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    766167000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    404114000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1170281000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17873.536136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51743.149808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23093.397269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9883                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9883                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9883                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9883                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12420645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.572457                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 118975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                54329                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.189899                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    77.943797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   201.274484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   229.354175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.152234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.393114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.447957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          263                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               181249                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              181249                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12420645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               116525                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              116524                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9883                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41159                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       201773                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  242932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1633344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6456704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8090048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           504430000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            165940000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            78190000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12420645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12420645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12420645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12420645000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                16524610000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 122281                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34212020                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   243911                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    32.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              505108991                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000374                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7979532                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.016525                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16524610000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            893606                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000374                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7979532                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      762230                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      489286                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           169                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5297135                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            91                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         16524599                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   16524599                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5120658                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2559689                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       675183                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 410183                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        410183                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               611350                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              320499                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      120066                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7685563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7685563                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14872062                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6362550                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      758386                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1247129                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     488743                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 73769      0.92%      0.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6309644     79.07%     80.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4883      0.06%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     63580      0.80%     80.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    5528      0.07%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     2860      0.04%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    79323      0.99%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    65808      0.82%     82.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   76616      0.96%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   4114      0.05%     83.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               21060      0.26%     84.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                8424      0.11%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              12636      0.16%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               4212      0.05%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   649797      8.14%     92.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  470901      5.90%     98.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              108589      1.36%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              17842      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7979586                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    85                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        52368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           55594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        52368                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3226                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          55594                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         12181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5884                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6297                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        12181                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    397820000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    378983000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    776803000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    397820000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    378983000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    776803000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        58252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        67775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        58252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        67775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.101009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.661241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.179727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.101009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.661241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.179727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67610.469069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60184.691123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63771.693621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67610.469069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60184.691123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63771.693621                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2780                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2780                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        12181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        12181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    386052000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    366389000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    752441000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    386052000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    366389000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    752441000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.101009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.661241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.101009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.661241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65610.469069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58184.691123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61771.693621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65610.469069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58184.691123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61771.693621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  9353                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        52368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          55594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        12181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    397820000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    378983000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    776803000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        58252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        67775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.101009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.661241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.179727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67610.469069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60184.691123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63771.693621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    386052000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    366389000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    752441000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.101009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.661241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65610.469069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58184.691123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61771.693621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7998                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7998                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7998                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7998                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16524610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3480.371424                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              24978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             9353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.670587                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    85.591678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   448.045706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2946.734040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.020896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.109386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.719417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.849700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3792                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1360                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.925781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            88918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           88918                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16524610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5159840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5159840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5159840                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5159840                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         137295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             137295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        137295                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            137295                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2679409000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2679409000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2679409000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2679409000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5297135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5297135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5297135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5297135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19515.707054                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19515.707054                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19515.707054                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19515.707054                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        137295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       137295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2404821000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2404821000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2404821000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2404821000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17515.721621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17515.721621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17515.721621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17515.721621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     137038                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5159840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5159840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        137295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            137295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2679409000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2679409000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5297135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5297135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19515.707054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19515.707054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       137295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2404821000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2404821000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17515.721621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17515.721621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16524610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.730279                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4534425                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                137038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.088815                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.730279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5434429                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5434429                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16524610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               12181                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              12181                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2780                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        27142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        27142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  27142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       957504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       957504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  957504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            26081000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           65592000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16524610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          376576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          403008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              779584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       376576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         376576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       177920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           177920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5884                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6297                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                12181                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2780                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2780                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           22788798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           24388352                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               47177150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      22788798                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          22788798                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        10766971                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              10766971                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        10766971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          22788798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          24388352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              57944121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2303.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5884.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6279.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004788790500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           130                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           130                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                31312                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2152                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        12181                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2780                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      12181                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2780                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    477                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     142265750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    60815000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                370322000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11696.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30446.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6698                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1883                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  55.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  12181                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2780                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    12163                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5864                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     157.653479                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    102.679295                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    213.617513                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3797     64.75%     64.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1109     18.91%     83.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          430      7.33%     91.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           95      1.62%     92.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           79      1.35%     93.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           65      1.11%     95.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           57      0.97%     96.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           47      0.80%     96.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          185      3.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5864                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          130                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       93.269231                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      48.998605                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     257.967602                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            107     82.31%     82.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           19     14.62%     96.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      1.54%     98.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.77%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.77%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            130                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          130                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.553846                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.533682                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.826514                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                28     21.54%     21.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      1.54%     23.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               100     76.92%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            130                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  778432                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   146048                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   779584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                177920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         47.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          8.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      47.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      10.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    16511534000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1103638.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       376576                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       401856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       146048                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 22788798.041224576533                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 24318637.474651444703                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 8838211.612861061469                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5884                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6297                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2780                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    200985250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    169336750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 367768763000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34157.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26891.65                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 132290921.94                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     59.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              29066940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              15449445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             50529780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             4974660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1304266080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3944844600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3023475840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8372607345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         506.675035                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7820297000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    551720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8152593000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12802020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6804435                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             36314040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             6937380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1304266080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2135392710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4547224800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8049741465                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         487.136548                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11798440500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    551720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4174449500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16524610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16524610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16524610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1231478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1231478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1231497                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1231497                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          19887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              19887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         19965                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             19965                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    700221000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    700221000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    705981000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    705981000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1251365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1251365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1251462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1251462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35209.986423                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35209.986423                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35360.931630                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35360.931630                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12361                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12361                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    660447000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    660447000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    666051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    666051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33209.986423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33209.986423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33360.931630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33360.931630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      19709                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          753857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              753857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    205304000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    205304000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       762133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          762133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24807.153214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24807.153214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    188752000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    188752000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22807.153214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22807.153214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         477621                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             477621                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        11611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            11611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    494917000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    494917000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       489232                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         489232                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023733                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.023733                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42624.838515                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42624.838515                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    471695000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    471695000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023733                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023733                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40624.838515                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40624.838515                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            19                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                19                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           97                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            97                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804124                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.804124                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804124                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.804124                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16524610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.365869                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1225077                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 19709                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 62.158253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.365869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1271427                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1271427                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16524610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16524610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16524610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           79042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               89484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          79042                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10442                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              89484                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         58253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          9523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             67776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        58253                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            67776                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1143328000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    490188000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1633516000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1143328000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    490188000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1633516000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       137295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        19965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          157260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       137295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        19965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         157260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.476985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.430981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.476985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.430981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19626.937668                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51474.115300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24101.687913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19626.937668                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51474.115300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24101.687913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7998                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7998                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        58253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        67776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        58253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1026824000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    471142000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1497966000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1026824000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    471142000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1497966000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.476985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.430981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.476985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.430981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17626.972001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49474.115300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22101.717422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17626.972001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49474.115300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22101.717422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     72484                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          79042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              89484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        58253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            67776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1143328000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    490188000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1633516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       137295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        19965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         157260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.476985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.430981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19626.937668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51474.115300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24101.687913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        58253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        67776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1026824000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    471142000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1497966000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.476985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.430981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17626.972001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49474.115300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22101.717422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12361                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12361                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12361                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12361                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16524610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.423703                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 165394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                72484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.281800                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    84.244261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   204.343416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   220.836026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.164540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.399108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.431320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               242617                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              242617                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16524610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               157260                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              157259                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12361                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        52291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       274589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  326880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2068864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8786816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10855680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           686470000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            219065000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            99825000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16524610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16524610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16524610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  16524610000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                20657124000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 125047                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34212540                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   249913                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    39.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              516615537                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000044                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9992888                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.020657                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 20657124000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1117943                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000044                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9992888                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      955210                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      611413                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           209                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6618689                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            93                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         20657113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   20657113                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6421997                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3199098                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       843802                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 517938                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        517938                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               771912                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              404512                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      151210                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9621787                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9621787                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18620439                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7966608                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      950368                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1561085                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     610717                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 93268      0.93%      0.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7898582     79.04%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5978      0.06%     80.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     79454      0.80%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    6947      0.07%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     4110      0.04%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   100951      1.01%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    84220      0.84%     82.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   97413      0.97%     83.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5107      0.05%     83.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               25385      0.25%     84.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               10154      0.10%     84.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              15231      0.15%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               5077      0.05%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   813695      8.14%     92.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  588076      5.88%     98.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              136673      1.37%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              22641      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9992962                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   100                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        66691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         4224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           70915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        66691                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4224                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          70915                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         7441                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         14625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7441                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7184                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        14625                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    504288000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    435338000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    939626000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    504288000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    435338000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    939626000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        74132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        11408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        85540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        74132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        11408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        85540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.100375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629734                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.170973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.100375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629734                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.170973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67771.536084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60598.273942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64247.931624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67771.536084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60598.273942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64247.931624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3589                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3589                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        14625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        14625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    489406000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    420970000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    910376000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    489406000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    420970000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    910376000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.100375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629734                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.100375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629734                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65771.536084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58598.273942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62247.931624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65771.536084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58598.273942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62247.931624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 11957                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        66691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         4224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          70915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7184                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        14625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    504288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    435338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    939626000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        74132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        85540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.100375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.170973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67771.536084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60598.273942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64247.931624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    489406000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    420970000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    910376000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.100375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65771.536084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58598.273942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62247.931624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9448                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9448                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9448                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9448                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20657124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3549.635243                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              33911                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            11957                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.836079                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    87.371516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   440.616164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3021.647563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.021331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.107572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.737707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.866610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3847                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.939209                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           110792                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          110792                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20657124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6444764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6444764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6444764                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6444764                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         173925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             173925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        173925                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            173925                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3396023000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3396023000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3396023000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3396023000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6618689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6618689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6618689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6618689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19525.789852                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19525.789852                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19525.789852                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19525.789852                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        173925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       173925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3048175000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3048175000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3048175000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3048175000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17525.801351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17525.801351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17525.801351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17525.801351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     173668                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6444764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6444764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        173925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            173925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3396023000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3396023000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6618689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6618689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.026278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19525.789852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19525.789852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       173925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3048175000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3048175000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17525.801351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17525.801351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20657124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.984290                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5672228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                173668                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.661331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.984290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6792613                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6792613                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20657124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               14625                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14625                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3589                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        32839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        32839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  32839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1165696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1165696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1165696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            32570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           78825500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20657124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          476224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          459776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              936000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       476224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         476224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       229696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           229696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7441                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                14625                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3589                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3589                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           23053742                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           22257503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               45311245                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      23053742                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          23053742                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        11119457                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              11119457                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        11119457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          23053742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          22257503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              56430702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2989.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7441.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7164.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004788790500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           169                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           169                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                38055                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2807                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        14625                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3589                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      14625                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3589                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      20                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    600                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.20                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     177655750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    73025000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                451499500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12164.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30914.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7788                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2441                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  53.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  14625                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3589                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    14605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     153.068844                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    101.292920                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    205.917557                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4786     65.12%     65.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1415     19.25%     84.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          519      7.06%     91.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          126      1.71%     93.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           95      1.29%     94.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           75      1.02%     95.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           70      0.95%     96.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           63      0.86%     97.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          201      2.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       86.390533                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      48.690804                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     227.662268                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            141     83.43%     83.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           24     14.20%     97.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      1.18%     98.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.59%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.59%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.597633                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.578846                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.796716                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                33     19.53%     19.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      1.18%     20.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               134     79.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  934720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   190336                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   936000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                229696                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         45.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          9.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      45.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      11.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    20647076000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1133582.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       476224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       458496                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       190336                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 23053741.653484776616                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 22195538.933686994016                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 9214060.969958838075                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7441                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7184                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3589                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    255367000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    196132500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 454855871250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34318.91                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27301.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 126736102.33                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     58.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              36099840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              19187520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             60654300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             6827760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1630639920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4942976730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3769845600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10466231670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         506.664513                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9750625000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    689722750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10216776250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              16379160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               8705730                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             43625400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             8696520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1630639920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2720027460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5641802880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10069877070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         487.477205                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14637937000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    689722750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5329464250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20657124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20657124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20657124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1542069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1542069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1542090                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1542090                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          24381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              24381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         24459                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             24459                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    830261000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    830261000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    836021000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    836021000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1566450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1566450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1566549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1566549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34053.607317                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34053.607317                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34180.506153                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34180.506153                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           14781                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 14781                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         24381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    781499000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    781499000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    787103000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    787103000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32053.607317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32053.607317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32180.506153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32180.506153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      24203                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          944526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              944526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         10585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             10585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    259072000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    259072000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       955111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          955111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24475.389702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24475.389702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    237902000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    237902000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22475.389702                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22475.389702                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         597543                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             597543                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        13796                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            13796                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    571189000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    571189000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       611339                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         611339                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022567                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.022567                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41402.507973                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41402.507973                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13796                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13796                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    543597000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    543597000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022567                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022567                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39402.507973                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39402.507973                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            21                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                21                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           99                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            99                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.787879                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.787879                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.787879                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.787879                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20657124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.692782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1523790                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 24203                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 62.958724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.692782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1591008                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1591008                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20657124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20657124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20657124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           99792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              112843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          99792                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13051                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             112843                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         74133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         11408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             85541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        74133                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        11408                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            85541                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1453122000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    569274000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2022396000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1453122000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    569274000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2022396000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       173925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          198384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       173925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         198384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.431189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.431189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19601.553964                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49901.297335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23642.417087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19601.553964                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49901.297335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23642.417087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9448                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9448                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        85541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        85541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1304858000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    546458000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1851316000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1304858000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    546458000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1851316000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17601.580942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47901.297335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21642.440467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17601.580942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47901.297335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21642.440467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     91325                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          99792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13051                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             112843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        74133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        11408                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            85541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1453122000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    569274000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2022396000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       173925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         198384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.431189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19601.553964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49901.297335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23642.417087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        85541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1304858000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    546458000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1851316000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17601.580942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47901.297335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21642.440467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        14781                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        14781                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        14781                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        14781                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20657124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.939098                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 207500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                91325                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.272105                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    85.690907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   206.071367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   218.176825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.167365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.402483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.426127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               305002                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              305002                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20657124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               198384                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              198383                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         14781                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        63699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       347849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  411548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2511360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     11131136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13642496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           869620000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            272289000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           122295000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20657124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20657124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20657124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  20657124000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24773842000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 125838                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34212540                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   251844                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    47.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              519424527                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6001786                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12011652                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024774                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24773842000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1343047                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6001786                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12011652                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1149732                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      731531                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           241                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7941622                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            93                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24773831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24773831                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7730697                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3839571                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1012933                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 629894                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        629894                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               939877                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              492285                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      182230                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11560606                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11560606                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22373152                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9573629                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1143894                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1874584                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     730690                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                112969      0.94%      0.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9490122     79.01%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     7093      0.06%     80.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95589      0.80%     80.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    8374      0.07%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     5540      0.05%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   122520      1.02%     81.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   102884      0.86%     82.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  118266      0.98%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   6140      0.05%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               30755      0.26%     84.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               12302      0.10%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              18453      0.15%     84.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               6151      0.05%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   977601      8.14%     92.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  703339      5.86%     98.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              166293      1.38%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              27351      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12011742                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   111                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        80562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           85753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        80562                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5191                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          85753                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         8894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         8075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         16969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         8894                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8075                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        16969                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    602420000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    492357000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1094777000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    602420000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    492357000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1094777000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        89456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       102722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        89456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       102722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.099423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.608699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.165193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.099423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.608699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.165193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67733.303351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60973.003096                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64516.294419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67733.303351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60973.003096                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64516.294419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         4387                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             4387                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        16969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8894                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        16969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    584632000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    476207000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1060839000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    584632000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    476207000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1060839000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.099423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.608699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.099423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.608699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65733.303351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58973.003096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62516.294419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65733.303351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58973.003096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62516.294419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 14516                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        80562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          85753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         8894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8075                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        16969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    602420000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    492357000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1094777000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        89456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       102722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.099423                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.608699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.165193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67733.303351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60973.003096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64516.294419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    584632000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    476207000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1060839000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.099423                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.608699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65733.303351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58973.003096                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62516.294419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10830                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10830                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10830                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10830                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24773842000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3600.942172                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              51191                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            14516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.526522                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    86.549355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   438.126221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3076.266596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.021130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.106964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.751042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.879136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3876                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1477                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.946289                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           131944                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          131944                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24773842000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7731702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7731702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7731702                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7731702                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         209920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             209920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        209920                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            209920                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4092738000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4092738000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4092738000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4092738000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7941622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7941622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7941622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7941622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19496.655869                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19496.655869                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19496.655869                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19496.655869                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       209920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        209920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       209920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       209920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3672900000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3672900000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3672900000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3672900000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17496.665396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17496.665396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17496.665396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17496.665396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     209663                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7731702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7731702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        209920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            209920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4092738000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4092738000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7941622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7941622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.026433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19496.655869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19496.655869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       209920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       209920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3672900000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3672900000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17496.665396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17496.665396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24773842000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.153073                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6809755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                209663                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.479527                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.153073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8151541                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8151541                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24773842000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               16969                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              16969                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4387                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        38325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        38325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  38325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1366784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1366784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1366784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            38904000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           91538000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24773842000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          569216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          516800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1086016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       569216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         569216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       280768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           280768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             8894                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             8075                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                16969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4387                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4387                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           22976493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           20860713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               43837205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      22976493                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          22976493                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        11333244                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              11333244                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        11333244                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          22976493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          20860713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              55170450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3648.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      8894.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      8039.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004788790500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           206                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           206                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                44556                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3425                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        16969                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4387                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      16969                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4387                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      36                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    739                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              4297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                89                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     210972250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    84665000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                528466000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12459.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31209.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8764                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2989                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  51.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  16969                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4387                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    16933                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         8809                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     149.389034                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     99.726861                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    201.349249                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5808     65.93%     65.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1691     19.20%     85.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          584      6.63%     91.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          149      1.69%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          108      1.23%     94.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           85      0.96%     95.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           88      1.00%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           74      0.84%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          222      2.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          8809                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          206                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       82.121359                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      48.279172                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     207.374669                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            172     83.50%     83.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           30     14.56%     98.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      0.97%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.49%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.49%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            206                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          206                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.616505                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.597917                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.792353                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                39     18.93%     18.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      0.97%     19.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               164     79.61%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.49%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            206                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1083712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   232256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1086016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                280768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         43.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          9.38                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      43.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      11.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    24766110000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1159679.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       569216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       514496                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       232256                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 22976492.705491542816                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 20767711.362654205412                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 9375049.699598470703                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         8894                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         8075                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4387                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    304878250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    223587750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 563745504750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34279.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27688.89                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 128503648.22                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     57.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              42325920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              22496760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             67951380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             7099200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1955169840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5822182920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4610264640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12527490660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         505.674116                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11926356250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    827060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12020425750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              20570340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              10933395                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             52950240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            11844180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1955169840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3315143370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6721455840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12088067205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         487.936720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17438495750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    827060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6508286250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24773842000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24773842000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24773842000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1852048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1852048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1852074                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1852074                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          29021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              29021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         29099                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             29099                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    963052000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    963052000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    968812000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    968812000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1881069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1881069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1881173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1881173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33184.659385                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33184.659385                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33293.652703                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33293.652703                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           17205                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 17205                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    905010000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    905010000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    910614000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    910614000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31184.659385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31184.659385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31293.652703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31293.652703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      28843                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1136615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1136615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         13013                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             13013                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    317322000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    317322000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1149628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1149628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24384.999616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24384.999616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291296000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    291296000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22384.999616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22384.999616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         715433                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             715433                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16008                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16008                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    645730000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    645730000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       731441                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         731441                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021886                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.021886                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40337.956022                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40337.956022                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    613714000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    613714000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021886                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021886                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38337.956022                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38337.956022                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            26                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                26                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          104                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           104                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24773842000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.910005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1872777                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 28843                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 64.930035                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.910005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1910272                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1910272                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24773842000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24773842000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24773842000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          120463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           15833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              136296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         120463                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          15833                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             136296                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         89457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            102723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        89457                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13266                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           102723                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1747560000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    648665000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2396225000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1747560000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    648665000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2396225000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       209920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        29099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          239019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       209920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        29099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         239019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.429769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.429769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19535.195681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48896.803859                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23327.054311                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19535.195681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48896.803859                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23327.054311                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          10830                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                10830                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        89457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       102723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        89457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       102723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1568648000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    622133000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2190781000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1568648000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    622133000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2190781000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.429769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.429769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17535.218038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46896.803859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21327.073781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17535.218038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46896.803859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21327.073781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    109653                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         120463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          15833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             136296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        89457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13266                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           102723                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1747560000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    648665000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2396225000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       209920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        29099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         239019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.429769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19535.195681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48896.803859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23327.054311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        89457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       102723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1568648000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    622133000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2190781000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.429769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17535.218038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46896.803859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21327.073781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        17205                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        17205                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        17205                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17205                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24773842000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.281563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 251395                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               109653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.292641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    92.562442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   207.962766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   209.756355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.180786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.406177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.409680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               366389                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              366389                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24773842000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               239019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              239018                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         17205                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       419839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  495242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2963456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     13434816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 16398272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1049595000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            325044000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           145495000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24773842000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24773842000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24773842000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24773842000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                28910828000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 129584                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34212540                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   259797                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    54.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              535194410                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      14034016                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.028911                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 28910828000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1568216                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      14034016                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1342400                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      853097                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           281                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9260021                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            93                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         28910828                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   28910828                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              9049337                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4478897                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1181677                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 738033                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        738033                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1101576                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              576801                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      214084                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13505145                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13505145                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            26135091                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           11184669                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1335581                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2187690                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     852109                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                132875      0.95%      0.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  11088399     79.01%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     8205      0.06%     80.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                    110805      0.79%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    9771      0.07%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     7598      0.05%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   144742      1.03%     81.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   122664      0.87%     82.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  139547      0.99%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   7096      0.05%     83.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               33970      0.24%     84.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               13588      0.10%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              20382      0.15%     84.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               6794      0.05%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1141324      8.13%     92.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  820188      5.84%     98.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              194257      1.38%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              31921      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   14034126                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   229                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        94712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         6307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          101019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        94712                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6307                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         101019                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        10629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         8990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         19619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        10629                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8990                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        19619                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    721308000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    550300000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1271608000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    721308000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    550300000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1271608000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       105341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       120638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       105341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       120638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.100901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.162627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.100901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.162627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67862.263618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61212.458287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64815.128192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67862.263618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61212.458287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64815.128192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         5193                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             5193                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        19619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        19619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    700050000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    532320000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1232370000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    700050000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    532320000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1232370000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.100901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.162627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.100901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.162627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65862.263618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59212.458287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62815.128192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65862.263618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59212.458287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62815.128192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 17396                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        94712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         6307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         101019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        10629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        19619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    721308000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    550300000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1271608000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       105341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       120638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.100901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.162627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67862.263618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61212.458287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64815.128192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    700050000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    532320000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1232370000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.100901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.587697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.162627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65862.263618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59212.458287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62815.128192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28910828000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3642.112179                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             133057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            21296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             6.247981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    88.541607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   432.500869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3121.069702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.021617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.105591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.761980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.889188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3900                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1500                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.952148                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           154353                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          154353                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28910828000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9013715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9013715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9013715                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9013715                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         246306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             246306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        246306                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            246306                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4817820000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4817820000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4817820000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4817820000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9260021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9260021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9260021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9260021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19560.303038                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19560.303038                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19560.303038                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19560.303038                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       246306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        246306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       246306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       246306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4325208000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4325208000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4325208000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4325208000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17560.303038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17560.303038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17560.303038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17560.303038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     246050                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9013715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9013715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        246306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            246306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4817820000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4817820000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9260021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9260021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.026599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19560.303038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19560.303038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       246306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       246306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4325208000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4325208000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17560.303038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17560.303038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28910828000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.274264                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9260021                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                246306                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 37.595597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.274264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9506327                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9506327                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28910828000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               19619                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              19619                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        44431                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        44431                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  44431                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1587968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1587968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1587968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            45584000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          105886500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28910828000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          680256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          575360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1255616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       680256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         680256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       332352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           332352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            10629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             8990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                19619                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5193                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5193                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           23529454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           19901194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               43430648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      23529454                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          23529454                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        11495762                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              11495762                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        11495762                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          23529454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          19901194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              54926410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4342.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     10629.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      8945.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004788790500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           245                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           245                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                51700                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4081                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        19619                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5193                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      19619                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5193                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      45                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    851                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              5020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              3033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.62                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     249826000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    97870000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                616838500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12763.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31513.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9948                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3554                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  50.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  19619                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5193                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    19574                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        10396                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     147.121200                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     99.336678                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    195.740784                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6843     65.82%     65.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2029     19.52%     85.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          679      6.53%     91.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          188      1.81%     93.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          142      1.37%     95.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           95      0.91%     95.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           99      0.95%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           87      0.84%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          234      2.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         10396                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       79.710204                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      49.018510                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     190.970112                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            208     84.90%     84.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           33     13.47%     98.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      0.82%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.648980                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.631277                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.773040                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                43     17.55%     17.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      0.82%     18.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               198     80.82%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.82%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1252736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2880                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   276736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1255616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                332352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         43.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          9.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      43.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      11.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    28909875000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1165156.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       680256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       572480                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       276736                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 23529454.085507340729                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 19801577.457414917648                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 9572053.764769380912                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        10629                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         8990                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5193                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    365739500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    251099000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 656053844500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34409.59                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27930.92                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 126334266.22                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     56.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              49694400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              26413200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             79361100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             9469080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2282158320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6852833550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5330951040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14630880690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         506.069238                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13789687500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    965380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  14155760500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              24533040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              13039620                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             60397260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            13102200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2282158320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3951706830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7774005120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14118942390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         488.361744                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  20168255500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    965380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7777192500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28910828000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28910828000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28910828000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2161621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2161621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2161648                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2161648                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          33661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              33661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         33739                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             33739                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1097392000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1097392000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1103152000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1103152000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2195282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2195282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2195387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2195387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32601.289326                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32601.289326                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32696.641868                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32696.641868                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           19678                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 19678                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         33661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        33739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1030070000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1030070000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1035674000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1035674000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30601.289326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30601.289326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30696.641868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30696.641868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      33483                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1326887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1326887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         15408                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             15408                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    373793000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    373793000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1342295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1342295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24259.670301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24259.670301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    342977000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    342977000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22259.670301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22259.670301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         834734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             834734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        18253                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            18253                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    723599000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    723599000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       852987                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         852987                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021399                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.021399                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39642.743659                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39642.743659                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        18253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    687093000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    687093000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021399                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021399                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37642.743659                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37642.743659                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            27                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                27                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          105                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           105                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742857                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.742857                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.742857                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.742857                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28910828000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.065977                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2195387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 33739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 65.069712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.065977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2229126                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2229126                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28910828000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28910828000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28910828000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          140965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              159407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         140965                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          18442                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             159407                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        105341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         15297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            120638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       105341                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15297                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           120638                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2069483000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    731181000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2800664000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2069483000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    731181000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2800664000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       246306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          280045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       246306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         280045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.427683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.453392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.430781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.427683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.453392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.430781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19645.560608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47798.980192                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23215.437922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19645.560608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47798.980192                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23215.437922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12419                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12419                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       105341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       120638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       105341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       120638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1858801000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    700587000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2559388000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1858801000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    700587000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2559388000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.427683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.453392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.430781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.427683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.453392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.430781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17645.560608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45798.980192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21215.437922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17645.560608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45798.980192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21215.437922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    128717                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         140965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          18442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             159407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       105341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           120638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2069483000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    731181000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2800664000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       246306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         280045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.427683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.453392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.430781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19645.560608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47798.980192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23215.437922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       105341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       120638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1858801000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    700587000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2559388000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.427683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.453392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.430781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17645.560608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45798.980192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21215.437922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19678                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19678                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19678                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19678                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28910828000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.527462                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 299723                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               129229                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.319317                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    96.517160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   209.882866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   204.127436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.188510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.409927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.398686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               428952                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              428952                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28910828000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               280045                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              280045                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         19678                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        87156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       492612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  579768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3418688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     15763584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 19182272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1231530000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            378435000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           168695000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28910828000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28910828000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28910828000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  28910828000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
