
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3964142000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  87836                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34278780                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   166159                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    11.39                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              348145858                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000116                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1891944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003964                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3964142000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            223455                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000116                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1891944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      225137                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            69                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      144021                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            50                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1309744                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           156                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3964131                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3964131                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1147006                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              614914                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       165220                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  23266                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         23266                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                37360                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               18378                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       39472                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1870217                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1870217                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3664632                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1502293                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      224831                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        368785                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     143954                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7027      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1497877     79.17%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      177      0.01%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       210      0.01%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      77      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     8578      0.45%     80.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      144      0.01%     80.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4448      0.24%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    4605      0.24%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   220484     11.65%     92.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  143237      7.57%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4347      0.23%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                717      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1891965                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         7380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2640                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           10020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7380                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2640                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          10020                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1946                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1857                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3803                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116609000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    115065000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    231674000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116609000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    115065000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    231674000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        13823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        13823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.208664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.412942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.275121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.208664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.412942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.275121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59922.404933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61962.843296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60918.748357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59922.404933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61962.843296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60918.748357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          122                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              122                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112717000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    111351000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    224068000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112717000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    111351000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    224068000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.208664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.412942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.208664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.412942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57922.404933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59962.843296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58918.748357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57922.404933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59962.843296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58918.748357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   498                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          10020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1857                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116609000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    115065000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    231674000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        13823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.208664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.412942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.275121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59922.404933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61962.843296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60918.748357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112717000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    111351000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    224068000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.208664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.412942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57922.404933                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59962.843296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58918.748357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2849                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2849                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2849                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2849                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3964142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2501.997239                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1005                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.018072                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     7.272300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1359.497622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1135.227317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.041489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.034644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.076355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          321                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3062                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.104065                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            20580                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           20580                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3964142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1295858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1295858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1295858                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1295858                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13886                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13886                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    358639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    358639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    358639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    358639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1309744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1309744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25827.380095                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25827.380095                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25827.380095                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25827.380095                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    330867000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    330867000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    330867000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    330867000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23827.380095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23827.380095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23827.380095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23827.380095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13630                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1295858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1295858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    358639000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    358639000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1309744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1309744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25827.380095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25827.380095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    330867000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    330867000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23827.380095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23827.380095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3964142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.636524                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1220337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 89.533162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.636524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.982955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.982955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1323630                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1323630                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3964142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3803                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3803                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         7728                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         7728                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   7728                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       251200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       251200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  251200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4413000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           20314750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3964142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          124544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          118848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              243392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       124544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         124544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         7808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             7808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1857                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3803                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           31417643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           29980763                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               61398406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      31417643                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          31417643                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1969657                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1969657                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1969657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          31417643                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          29980763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              63368063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        52.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1946.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1829.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006144402500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             2                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             2                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 8688                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  32                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3803                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         122                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3803                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       122                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      28                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     70                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                 84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       17.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      34371500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    18875000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                105152750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9105.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27855.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2488                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       28                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  65.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 53.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3803                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   122                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3769                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1293                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     188.535189                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    140.257479                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    171.894339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           482     37.28%     37.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          436     33.72%     71.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          239     18.48%     89.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           63      4.87%     94.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           27      2.09%     96.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           14      1.08%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.62%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      0.85%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           13      1.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1293                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            1876                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    1068.462447                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    2180.717313                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.970563                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.414214                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1     50.00%     50.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1     50.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  241600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     2176                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   243392                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  7808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         60.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      61.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3960028000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1008924.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       124544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       117056                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         2176                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 31417643.464840561152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 29528710.121887657791                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 548920.800516227726                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1946                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1857                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          122                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     51738250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     53414500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  58859796000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26586.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28763.87                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 482457344.26                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               4755240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2527470                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             13351800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy               41760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      312851760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1015594650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         666993120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2016115800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         508.588189                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1724535250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    132340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2107266750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4476780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2379465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             13601700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              135720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      312851760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         669769950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         958213920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1961429295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         494.792895                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2484539250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    132340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1347262750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3964142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3964142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3964142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           359992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               359992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          360067                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              360067                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           9070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               9070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9070                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9070                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    265510000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    265510000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    265510000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    265510000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       369062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           369062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       369137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          369137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.024576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.024571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29273.428886                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29273.428886                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29273.428886                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29273.428886                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3855                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3855                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    247372000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    247372000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    247372000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    247372000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27273.649394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27273.649394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27273.649394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27273.649394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       8813                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          218639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              218639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    133243000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    133243000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       225062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          225062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.028539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20744.667601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20744.667601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    120399000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120399000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18744.978982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18744.978982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         141353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             141353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2647                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2647                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    132267000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    132267000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       144000                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         144000                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018382                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018382                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49968.643748                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49968.643748                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    126973000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126973000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018382                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018382                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47968.643748                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47968.643748                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3964142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               246.115441                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  325538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  8813                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 36.938386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.115441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.961388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.961388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                378206                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               378206                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3964142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3964142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3964142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            4560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                9132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           4560                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4572                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               9132                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             13824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4498                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            13824                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    233955000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    169812000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    403767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    233955000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    169812000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    403767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           22956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          22956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.602196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.602196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25086.317821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37752.779013                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29207.682292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25086.317821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37752.779013                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29207.682292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2849                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2849                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        13824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    215303000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    160818000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    376121000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    215303000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    160818000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    376121000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23086.317821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35753.223655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27207.826968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23086.317821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35753.223655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27207.826968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     15690                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           4560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               9132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            13824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    233955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    169812000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    403767000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          22956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.602196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25086.317821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37752.779013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29207.682292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    215303000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    160818000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    376121000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.671612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23086.317821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35753.223655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27207.826968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3855                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3855                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3855                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3855                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3964142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              499.350227                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  25128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                15690                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.601530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    67.380612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   235.257186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   196.712429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.131603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.459487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.384204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.975293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          345                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                43013                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               43013                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3964142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                22956                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               22955                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3855                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        21994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        27772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   49766                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       827136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       888704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1715840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            69430000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             42231000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            45345000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3964142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3964142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3964142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3964142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7770493000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 101702                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34280268                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   190393                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    19.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              395102691                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000147                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3744459                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007770                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7770493000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            445464                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000147                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3744459                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      468086                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            72                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      271414                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            68                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2601097                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           158                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7770482                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7770482                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2296611                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1246352                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       334566                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  40540                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         40540                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                64927                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               32124                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       71291                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3705807                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3705807                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7294824                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2987565                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      467654                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        738932                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     271278                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 12023      0.32%      0.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2961764     79.10%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      305      0.01%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       315      0.01%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     151      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    14440      0.39%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      288      0.01%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7956      0.21%     80.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    8242      0.22%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  57      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   459839     12.28%     92.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  270307      7.22%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                7815      0.21%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                971      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3744489                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        18418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           24351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        18418                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5933                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          24351                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2343                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2641                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4984                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    141379000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    161914000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    303293000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    141379000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    161914000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    303293000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        20761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        29335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        20761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        29335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.112856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.308024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.169899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.112856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.308024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.169899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60341.015792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61307.837940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60853.330658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60341.015792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61307.837940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60853.330658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          371                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              371                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    136693000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    156632000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    293325000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    136693000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    156632000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    293325000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.112856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.308024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169899                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.112856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.308024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169899                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58341.015792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59307.837940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58853.330658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58341.015792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59307.837940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58853.330658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1243                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        18418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          24351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2641                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4984                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    141379000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    161914000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    303293000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        20761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        29335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.112856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.308024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.169899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60341.015792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61307.837940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60853.330658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    136693000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    156632000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    293325000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.112856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.308024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58341.015792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59307.837940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58853.330658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5197                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5197                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5197                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5197                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7770493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3109.382115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               3273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.633146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    26.978973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1494.585071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1587.818071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.045611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.048456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.094891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4030                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3779                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.122986                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            39805                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           39805                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7770493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2571157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2571157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2571157                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2571157                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          29940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              29940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         29940                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             29940                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    669453000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    669453000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    669453000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    669453000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2601097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2601097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2601097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2601097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22359.819639                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22359.819639                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22359.819639                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22359.819639                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    609575000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    609575000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    609575000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    609575000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20359.886440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20359.886440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20359.886440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20359.886440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      29683                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2571157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2571157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         29940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             29940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    669453000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    669453000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2601097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2601097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22359.819639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22359.819639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    609575000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    609575000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20359.886440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20359.886440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7770493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.773959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2466795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 29683                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 83.104639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.773959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2631036                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2631036                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7770493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4984                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4984                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          371                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        10339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        10339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  10339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       342720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       342720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  342720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6839000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           26618000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7770493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          149952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          169024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              318976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       149952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         149952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        23744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            23744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2641                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4984                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           371                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 371                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           19297617                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           21752030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               41049648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      19297617                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          19297617                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         3055662                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               3055662                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         3055662                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          19297617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          21752030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              44105310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       196.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2343.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2544.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006144402500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            10                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            10                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                12134                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 165                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4984                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         371                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4984                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       371                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      97                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    175                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      46458750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    24435000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                138090000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9506.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28256.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3125                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      152                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  63.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4984                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   371                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1784                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     181.488789                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    134.745031                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    168.470374                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           704     39.46%     39.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          609     34.14%     73.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          285     15.98%     89.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           87      4.88%     94.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           42      2.35%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           18      1.01%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.50%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           13      0.73%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           17      0.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1784                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           10                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      482.400000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     184.408600                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1035.237836                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              4     40.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3     30.00%     70.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2     20.00%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1     10.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             10                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           10                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.500000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.480733                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.849837                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 2     20.00%     20.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1     10.00%     30.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 7     70.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             10                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  312768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     6208                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    11200                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   318976                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 23744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         40.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      41.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       3.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7765092000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1450063.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       149952                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       162816                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        11200                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 19297617.281168647110                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 20953110.697094768286                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1441349.988990402548                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2343                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2641                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          371                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     63267500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     74822500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 152634540500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27002.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28331.12                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 411413855.80                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5183640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2755170                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             13851600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy               41760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      612796080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1189051350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1982563200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3806242800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         489.832859                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5142931750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    259220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2368341250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7561260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4015110                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             21041580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              871740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      612796080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1401920130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1803305280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3851511180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         495.658535                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4674162750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    259220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2837110250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7770493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7770493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7770493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           721992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               721992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          722067                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              722067                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          17403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              17403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         17403                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             17403                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    452181000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    452181000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    452181000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    452181000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       739395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           739395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       739470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          739470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.023537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.023534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25982.933977                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25982.933977                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25982.933977                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25982.933977                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            6911                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  6911                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         17403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    417375000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    417375000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    417375000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    417375000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23982.933977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23982.933977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23982.933977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23982.933977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      17147                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          455335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              455335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         12676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             12676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    246281000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    246281000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       468011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          468011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.027085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19428.920795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19428.920795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    220929000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    220929000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17428.920795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17428.920795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         266657                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             266657                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4727                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4727                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    205900000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    205900000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       271384                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         271384                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017418                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.017418                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43558.282209                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43558.282209                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    196446000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    196446000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017418                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017418                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41558.282209                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41558.282209                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7770493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               250.957360                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  710899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 17147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.459089                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   250.957360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.980302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.980302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                756873                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               756873                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7770493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7770493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7770493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            9178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               18007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           9178                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8829                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              18007                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         20762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             29336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        20762                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            29336                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    406586000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    268094000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    674680000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    406586000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    268094000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    674680000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        17403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           47343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        17403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          47343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.619648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.619648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19583.180811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31268.252857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22998.363785                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19583.180811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31268.252857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22998.363785                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5197                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5197                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        29336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    365064000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    250946000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    616010000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    365064000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    250946000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    616010000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17583.277141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29268.252857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20998.431961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17583.277141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29268.252857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20998.431961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     33284                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           9178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              18007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        20762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            29336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    406586000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    268094000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    674680000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        17403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          47343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.619648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19583.180811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31268.252857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22998.363785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    365064000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    250946000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    616010000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17583.277141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29268.252857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20998.431961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6911                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6911                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6911                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6911                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7770493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.546678                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  51770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                33284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.555402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    67.275210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   240.962712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   197.308755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.131397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.470630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.385369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                88050                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               88050                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7770493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                47343                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               47342                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          6911                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        59879                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  101596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1556096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1916096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3472192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           149695000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             81898000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            87015000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7770493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7770493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7770493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7770493000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11667971000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 109561                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34280792                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   204250                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    27.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              426085672                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000189                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5593190                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011668                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11667971000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            662864                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000189                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5593190                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      692898                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      417329                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            82                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3912325                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           159                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11667960                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11667960                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3407324                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1861968                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       498323                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  53485                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         53485                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                85765                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               42549                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      100495                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5539467                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5539467                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10935029                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4458647                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      692367                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1109488                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     417121                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 17198      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4424376     79.10%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      488      0.01%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       406      0.01%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     220      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    19500      0.35%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      300      0.01%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    10330      0.18%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   10776      0.19%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 129      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   682148     12.20%     92.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  415928      7.44%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               10219      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1193      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5593227                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        31839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         9869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           41708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        31839                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         9869                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          41708                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          5731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2580                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3151                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         5731                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    157260000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    192876000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    350136000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    157260000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    192876000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    350136000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        47439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        47439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.074959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.242012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.074959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.242012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60953.488372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61211.044113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61095.096842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60953.488372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61211.044113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61095.096842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          501                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              501                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         5731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         5731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    152100000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    186574000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    338674000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    152100000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    186574000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    338674000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.074959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.242012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.074959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.242012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58953.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59211.044113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59095.096842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58953.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59211.044113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59095.096842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1596                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        31839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         9869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          41708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2580                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         5731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    157260000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    192876000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    350136000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        47439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.074959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.242012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60953.488372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61211.044113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61095.096842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    152100000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    186574000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    338674000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.074959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.242012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58953.488372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59211.044113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59095.096842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7461                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7461                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7461                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7461                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11667971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3494.128366                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               4930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1596                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.088972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    37.838491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1557.340264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1898.949611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.047526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.057951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.106632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4480                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1694                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2648                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.136719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            60976                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           60976                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11667971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3862387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3862387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3862387                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3862387                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          49938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              49938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         49938                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             49938                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1039801000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1039801000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1039801000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1039801000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3912325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3912325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20821.839080                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20821.839080                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20821.839080                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20821.839080                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         49938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    939925000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    939925000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    939925000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    939925000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18821.839080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18821.839080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18821.839080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18821.839080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      49682                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3862387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3862387                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         49938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             49938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1039801000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1039801000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3912325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3912325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20821.839080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20821.839080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    939925000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    939925000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18821.839080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18821.839080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11667971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.517528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3648260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 49682                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 73.432229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.517528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3962263                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3962263                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11667971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5731                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5731                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          501                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        11963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        11963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       398848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       398848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  398848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8236000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           30616750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11667971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          165120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          201664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              366784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       165120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         165120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        32064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            32064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           501                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 501                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           14151561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           17283553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               31435114                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      14151561                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          14151561                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         2748036                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               2748036                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         2748036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          14151561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          17283553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              34183150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       278.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2580.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3027.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006144402500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            15                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            15                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                14705                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 248                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5731                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         501                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5731                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       501                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     124                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    223                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      55157000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    28035000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                160288250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9837.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28587.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3510                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      227                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5731                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   501                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5600                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     176.127520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    130.758129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    164.912526                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           886     41.54%     41.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          721     33.80%     75.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          308     14.44%     89.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          105      4.92%     94.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           52      2.44%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           18      0.84%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           10      0.47%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           16      0.75%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           17      0.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           15                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      373.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     169.168332                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     845.966537                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              5     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6     40.00%     73.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3     20.00%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      6.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             15                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           15                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.533333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.514071                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.833809                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 3     20.00%     20.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      6.67%     26.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                11     73.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             15                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  358848                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     7936                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    16832                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   366784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 32064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         30.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      31.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       2.75                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11644482000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1868498.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       165120                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       193728                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        16832                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 14151560.712655182928                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 16603400.882638465613                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1442581.576522602001                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2580                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3151                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          501                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     71239500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     89048750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 240602940500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27612.21                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28260.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 480245390.22                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     63.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6047580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3214365                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             15543780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy               41760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      920730720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1483368000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3231348960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5660295165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         485.113921                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8386387000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    389480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2892104000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9182040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4880370                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             24490200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1331100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      920730720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1801628640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2963340000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5725583070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         490.709402                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7685686000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    389480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3592805000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11667971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11667971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11667971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1083970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1083970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1084045                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1084045                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          26145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              26145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         26145                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             26145                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    631139000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    631139000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    631139000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    631139000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1110115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1110115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1110190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1110190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.023552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.023550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24139.950277                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24139.950277                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24139.950277                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24139.950277                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10179                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10179                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         26145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    578851000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    578851000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    578851000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    578851000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22140.026774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22140.026774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22140.026774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22140.026774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      25888                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          673373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              673373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    367226000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    367226000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       692823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          692823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.028074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18880.514139                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18880.514139                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    328328000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    328328000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16880.616967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16880.616967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         410597                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             410597                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6695                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6695                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    263913000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    263913000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       417292                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         417292                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39419.417476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39419.417476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6695                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    250523000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    250523000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37419.417476                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37419.417476                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11667971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.641764                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1050294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 25888                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 40.570689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.641764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.986882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.986882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1136334                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1136334                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11667971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11667971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11667971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           15519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               28643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          15519                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13124                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              28643                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         34419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             47440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13021                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            47440                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    599547000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    355834000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    955381000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    599547000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    355834000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    955381000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        26145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           76083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        26145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          76083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.623530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.623530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17419.070862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27327.701405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20138.722597                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17419.070862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27327.701405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20138.722597                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7461                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7461                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        47440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    530709000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329794000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    860503000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    530709000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329794000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    860503000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15419.070862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25327.855003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18138.764755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15419.070862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25327.855003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18138.764755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     53356                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          15519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              28643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            47440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    599547000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    355834000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    955381000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        49938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        26145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          76083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.623530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17419.070862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27327.701405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20138.722597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        47440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    530709000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329794000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    860503000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.689235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.498030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15419.070862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25327.855003                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18138.764755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10179                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10179                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10179                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10179                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11667971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.702295                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  82850                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                53356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.552778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    63.260730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.208459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   198.233106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.123556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.480876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.387174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               140130                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              140130                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11667971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                76083                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               76082                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10179                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        62468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        99876                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  162344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2324672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3196032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5520704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           249690000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            126978000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           130720000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11667971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11667971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11667971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11667971000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15527896000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 114759                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34281468                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   214024                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    34.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              445396265                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000830                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7461518                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015528                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15527896000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            890722                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000830                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7461518                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      937895                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            91                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      549026                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            98                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5205565                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           160                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15527885                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15527885                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4538415                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2480530                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       667779                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  68014                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         68014                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               108986                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               54138                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      136724                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7393151                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7393151                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14594776                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5952621                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      937045                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1485814                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     548769                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22375      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5899609     79.07%     79.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      641      0.01%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       532      0.01%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     280      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    24826      0.33%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      354      0.00%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13176      0.18%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   13784      0.18%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 156      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   923995     12.38%     92.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  547377      7.34%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               13050      0.17%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1392      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7461563                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        42872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        14887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           57759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        42872                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        14887                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          57759                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2926                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3826                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6752                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    179999000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    232400000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    412399000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    179999000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    232400000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    412399000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        18713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        64511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        18713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        64511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.063889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.204457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.104664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.063889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.204457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.104664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61517.088175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60742.289597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61078.050948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61517.088175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60742.289597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61078.050948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          739                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              739                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    174147000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    224748000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    398895000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    174147000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    224748000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    398895000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.063889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.204457                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.063889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.204457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59517.088175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58742.289597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59078.050948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59517.088175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58742.289597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59078.050948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2229                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        42872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        14887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          57759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3826                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    179999000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    232400000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    412399000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        18713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        64511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.063889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.204457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.104664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61517.088175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60742.289597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61078.050948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    174147000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    224748000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    398895000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.063889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.204457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59517.088175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58742.289597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59078.050948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9814                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9814                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9814                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9814                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15527896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3816.890819                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              12846                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2229                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.763122                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    43.021017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1602.894064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2170.975737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.048916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.066253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.116482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5009                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1414                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3415                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.152863                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            81563                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           81563                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15527896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5139466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5139466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5139466                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5139466                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          66099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              66099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         66099                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             66099                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1350212000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1350212000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1350212000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1350212000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5205565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5205565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5205565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5205565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20427.116900                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20427.116900                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20427.116900                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20427.116900                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         66099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1218014000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1218014000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1218014000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1218014000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18427.116900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18427.116900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18427.116900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18427.116900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      65843                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5139466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5139466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         66099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             66099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1350212000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1350212000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5205565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5205565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20427.116900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20427.116900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        66099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1218014000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1218014000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18427.116900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18427.116900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15527896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.886041                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5037358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 65843                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 76.505597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.886041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5271664                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5271664                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15527896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6752                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6752                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          739                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14243                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14243                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14243                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       479424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       479424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  479424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            10447000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           36075250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15527896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          187264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          244864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              432128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       187264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         187264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        47296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            47296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3826                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6752                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           739                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 739                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           12059844                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           15769297                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               27829141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      12059844                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          12059844                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         3045873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               3045873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         3045873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          12059844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          15769297                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              30875014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       423.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2926.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3650.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006144402500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            23                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            23                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                17871                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 380                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6752                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         739                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6752                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       739                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     176                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    316                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      65724500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    32880000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                189024500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9994.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28744.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4037                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      347                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  61.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6752                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   739                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     172.121773                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    127.935150                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    163.374904                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1101     42.43%     42.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          898     34.61%     77.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          342     13.18%     90.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          118      4.55%     94.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           59      2.27%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           27      1.04%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           12      0.46%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           18      0.69%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           20      0.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      285.043478                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     147.737798                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     686.434297                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             10     43.48%     43.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            9     39.13%     82.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3     13.04%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      4.35%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.521739                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.501413                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.845822                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 5     21.74%     21.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      4.35%     26.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                17     73.91%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  420864                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    11264                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    25792                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   432128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 47296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         27.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      27.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       3.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15523924000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2072343.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       187264                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       233600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        25792                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 12059843.780509607866                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 15043892.617518819869                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1661010.609550707974                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2926                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3826                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          739                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     82430500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    106594000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 333202144500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28171.74                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27860.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 450882468.88                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     62.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7739760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4113780                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             19927740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              125280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1225592160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2011694160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4268653920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7537846800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         485.439032                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11077858750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    518440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3931597250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              10788540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5734245                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             27024900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1978380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1225592160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2138624610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4161765120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7571507955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         487.606818                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10797703750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    518440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4211752250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15527896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15527896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15527896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1449373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1449373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1449448                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1449448                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          37428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              37428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         37428                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             37428                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    861553000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    861553000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    861553000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    861553000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1486801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1486801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1486876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1486876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23018.943037                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23018.943037                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23018.943037                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23018.943037                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           13267                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 13267                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    786699000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    786699000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    786699000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    786699000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21018.996473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21018.996473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21018.996473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21018.996473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37171                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          908833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              908833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         28987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             28987                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    535427000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    535427000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       937820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          937820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.030909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18471.280229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18471.280229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    477453000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    477453000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16471.280229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16471.280229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         540540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             540540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8441                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8441                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326126000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    326126000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       548981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         548981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015376                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015376                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38635.943609                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38635.943609                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8441                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    309246000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    309246000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015376                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015376                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36636.180547                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36636.180547                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15527896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.476555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1435506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 37171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 38.618977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.476555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1524303                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1524303                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15527896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15527896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15527896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           20301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               39015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          20301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          18714                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              39015                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         45798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         18714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             64512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            64512                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    769521000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    468017000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1237538000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    769521000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    468017000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1237538000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        37428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          103527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        37428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         103527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.623142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.623142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16802.502293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25008.923800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19183.066716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16802.502293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25008.923800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19183.066716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9814                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9814                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    677925000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    430591000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1108516000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    677925000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    430591000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1108516000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14802.502293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23009.030672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17183.097718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14802.502293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23009.030672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17183.097718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     72412                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          20301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          18714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              39015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            64512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    769521000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    468017000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1237538000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        66099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        37428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         103527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.623142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16802.502293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25008.923800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19183.066716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        45798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    677925000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    430591000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1108516000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14802.502293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23009.030672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17183.097718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13267                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13267                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13267                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13267                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15527896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.770619                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 114619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                72412                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.582873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    59.908130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   247.472307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   201.390182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.117008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.483344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.393340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               189718                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              189718                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15527896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               103527                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              103526                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         13267                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        88122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       132198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  220320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3244416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4230336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7474752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           330495000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            169862000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           187135000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15527896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15527896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15527896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15527896000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19395102000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 118257                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34282232                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   221217                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    42.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              458678469                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000427                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9354106                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019395                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19395102000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1126872                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000427                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9354106                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1204418                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           116                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      670742                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           116                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6481825                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           161                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19395091                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19395091                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5673049                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3094342                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       839275                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  84807                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         84807                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               135761                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               67483                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      180995                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9268821                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9268821                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18289757                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7469604                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1203407                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1873840                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     670433                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 28286      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7385128     78.95%     79.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      733      0.01%     79.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       609      0.01%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     335      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30580      0.33%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      480      0.01%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    16630      0.18%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   17348      0.19%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 175      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1186954     12.69%     92.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  668854      7.15%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               16453      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1579      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9354160                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        51666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        21490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           73156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        51666                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        21490                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          73156                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3433                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4620                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8053                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    212663000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    280771000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    493434000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    212663000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    280771000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    493434000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        26110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        81209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        26110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        81209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.062306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.176944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.062306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.176944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.099164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61946.693854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60772.943723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61273.314293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61946.693854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60772.943723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61273.314293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1070                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1070                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    205797000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    271531000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    477328000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    205797000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    271531000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    477328000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.062306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.176944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.062306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.176944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59946.693854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58772.943723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59273.314293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59946.693854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58772.943723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59273.314293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  3149                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        51666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        21490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          73156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    212663000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    280771000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    493434000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        26110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        81209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.062306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.176944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.099164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61946.693854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60772.943723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61273.314293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    205797000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    271531000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    477328000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.062306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.176944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59946.693854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58772.943723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59273.314293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12695                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12695                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12695                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12695                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19395102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4112.099899                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              25265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             3149                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             8.023182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    48.080150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1636.110413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2427.909337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.049930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.074094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.125491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5594                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1562                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3819                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.170715                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           102647                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          102647                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19395102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6402434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6402434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6402434                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6402434                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          79391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              79391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         79391                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             79391                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1618643000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1618643000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1618643000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1618643000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6481825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6481825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20388.243000                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20388.243000                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20388.243000                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20388.243000                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         79391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1459861000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1459861000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1459861000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1459861000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18388.243000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18388.243000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18388.243000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18388.243000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      79135                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6402434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6402434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         79391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             79391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1618643000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1618643000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6481825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6481825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20388.243000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20388.243000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1459861000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1459861000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18388.243000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18388.243000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19395102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.108154                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6374308                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 79135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.549795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.108154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6561216                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6561216                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19395102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8053                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8053                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1070                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        17176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        17176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  17176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       583872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       583872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  583872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            13403000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           43050000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19395102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          219712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          295680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              515392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       219712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         219712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        68480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            68480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3433                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4620                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8053                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1070                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1070                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           11328221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           15245086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               26573307                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      11328221                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          11328221                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         3530788                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               3530788                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         3530788                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          11328221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          15245086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              30104095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       703.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3433.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4384.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006144402500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            39                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            39                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                21668                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 642                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8053                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1070                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8053                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1070                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     236                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    367                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      80688000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    39085000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                227256750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10322.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29072.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4665                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      580                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  59.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8053                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1070                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7809                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3253                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     167.190901                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    124.216626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    160.735072                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1447     44.48%     44.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1108     34.06%     78.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          387     11.90%     90.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          142      4.37%     94.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           79      2.43%     97.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           32      0.98%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           14      0.43%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           21      0.65%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           23      0.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3253                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           39                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      199.589744                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     110.048578                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     532.745506                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             26     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            9     23.08%     89.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      7.69%     97.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      2.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             39                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           39                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.461538                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.440485                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.853666                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 9     23.08%     23.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      7.69%     30.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                27     69.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             39                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  500288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    15104                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    43584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   515392                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 68480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         25.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      26.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       3.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19364112000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2122559.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       219712                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       280576                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        43584                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 11328220.908557221293                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 14466332.788556614891                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2247165.289463288151                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3433                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4620                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1070                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     98168250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    129088500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 425855355500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28595.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27941.23                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 397995659.35                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9860340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5240895                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             23826180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              715140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1530453600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2507606130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5336051040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9413753325                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         485.367560                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13847732000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    647400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4899970000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13366080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7104240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             31987200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             2839680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1530453600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2680439250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5190507360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9456697410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         487.581731                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13466406500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    647400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5281295500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19395102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19395102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19395102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1822833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1822833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1822908                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1822908                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          52198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              52198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         52198                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             52198                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1159695000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1159695000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1159695000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1159695000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1875031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1875031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1875106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1875106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22217.230545                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22217.230545                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22217.230545                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22217.230545                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16814                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16814                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        52198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         52198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        52198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1055301000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1055301000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1055301000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1055301000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20217.268861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20217.268861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20217.268861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20217.268861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      51941                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1162732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1162732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         41611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             41611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    760124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    760124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1204343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1204343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18267.381221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18267.381221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    676904000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    676904000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16267.429286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16267.429286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         660101                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             660101                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10587                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10587                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    399571000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    399571000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       670688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         670688                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015785                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015785                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37741.664305                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37741.664305                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    378397000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    378397000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015785                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015785                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35741.664305                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35741.664305                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19395102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.979707                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1854999                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 51941                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.713579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.979707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1927303                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1927303                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19395102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19395102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19395102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           24292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           26087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               50379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          24292                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          26087                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              50379                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         55099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         26111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             81210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        26111                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            81210                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    922084000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    610961000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1533045000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    922084000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    610961000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1533045000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        52198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          131589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        52198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         131589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.617149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.617149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16735.040563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23398.605952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18877.539712                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16735.040563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23398.605952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18877.539712                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12695                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12695                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        81210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        81210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    811886000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    558741000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1370627000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    811886000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    558741000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1370627000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.617149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.617149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14735.040563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21398.682548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16877.564339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14735.040563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21398.682548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16877.564339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     91681                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          24292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          26087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              50379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        26111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            81210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    922084000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    610961000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1533045000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        79391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        52198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         131589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.617149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16735.040563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23398.605952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18877.539712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    811886000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    558741000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1370627000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.694021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.617149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14735.040563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21398.682548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16877.564339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16814                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16814                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16814                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16814                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19395102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.414528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 145899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                91681                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.591377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    58.330570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.890376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   204.193582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.113927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.482208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.398816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               240596                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              240596                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19395102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               131589                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              131588                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16814                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       121209                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       158782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  279991                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4416704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5081024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9497728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           396955000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            215659000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           260985000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19395102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19395102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19395102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19395102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                23268136000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 120959                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34282780                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   226285                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    49.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              469073886                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000048                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11224698                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.023268                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23268136000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1354651                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000048                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11224698                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1459467                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           152                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      799745                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           132                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7768681                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           162                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         23268125                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   23268125                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6781611                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3705174                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1005783                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 100153                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        100153                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               160047                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               79691                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      219956                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11123278                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11123278                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21962245                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8966517                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1458344                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2257724                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     799380                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33669      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8854585     78.88%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      865      0.01%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       707      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     387      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    35560      0.32%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      778      0.01%     79.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    19730      0.18%     79.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   20525      0.18%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 214      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1438610     12.82%     92.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  797606      7.11%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               19734      0.18%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1774      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11224760                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        62403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        28145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           90548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        62403                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        28145                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          90548                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          9089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3772                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5317                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         9089                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    234571000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    322266000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    556837000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    234571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    322266000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    556837000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        66175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        99637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        66175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        99637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.057000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.158897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.091221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.057000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.158897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.091221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62187.433722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60610.494640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61264.935636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62187.433722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60610.494640                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61264.935636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1278                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1278                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         9089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         9089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    227027000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    311632000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    538659000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    227027000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    311632000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    538659000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.057000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.158897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.057000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.158897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60187.433722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58610.494640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59264.935636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60187.433722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58610.494640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59264.935636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  3761                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        62403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        28145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          90548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         9089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    234571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    322266000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    556837000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        66175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        99637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.057000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.158897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.091221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62187.433722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60610.494640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61264.935636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    227027000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    311632000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    538659000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.057000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.158897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60187.433722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58610.494640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59264.935636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        14750                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        14750                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        14750                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        14750                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23268136000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4397.150854                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              27554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             3761                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             7.326243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    51.793638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1665.525677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2679.831539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.050828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.081782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.134190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1581                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4326                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.186432                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           124257                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          124257                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23268136000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7674102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7674102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7674102                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7674102                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          94579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              94579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         94579                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             94579                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1912160000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1912160000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1912160000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1912160000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7768681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7768681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7768681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7768681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20217.595872                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20217.595872                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20217.595872                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20217.595872                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         94579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        94579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1723004000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1723004000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1723004000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1723004000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18217.617019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18217.617019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18217.617019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18217.617019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      94322                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7674102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7674102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         94579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             94579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1912160000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1912160000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7768681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7768681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20217.595872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20217.595872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        94579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1723004000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1723004000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18217.617019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18217.617019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23268136000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.256604                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7570366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 94322                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.260872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.256604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7863259                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7863259                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23268136000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                9089                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9089                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1278                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        19456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        19456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  19456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       663488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       663488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  663488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15479000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           48610000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23268136000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          241408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          340288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              581696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       241408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         241408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        81792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            81792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 9089                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1278                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1278                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10375047                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           14624635                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               24999682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10375047                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10375047                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         3515193                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               3515193                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         3515193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10375047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          14624635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              28514875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       843.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3772.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5044.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006144402500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            47                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            47                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                24866                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 772                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         9089                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1278                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       9089                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1278                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     273                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    435                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      91161750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    44080000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                256461750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10340.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29090.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5167                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      695                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  58.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   9089                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1278                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8808                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3772                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     163.461294                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    121.722940                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    157.299830                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1726     45.76%     45.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1270     33.67%     79.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          422     11.19%     90.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          165      4.37%     94.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           92      2.44%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           35      0.93%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           17      0.45%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           22      0.58%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           23      0.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3772                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           47                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      186.893617                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     111.980029                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     485.167395                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             30     63.83%     63.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           13     27.66%     91.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      6.38%     97.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      2.13%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             47                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           47                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.425532                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.404431                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.853247                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                11     23.40%     23.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5     10.64%     34.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                31     65.96%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             47                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  564224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    17472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    52416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   581696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 81792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         24.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      25.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       3.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    23266403000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2244275.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       241408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       322816                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        52416                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10375046.802201947197                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 13873737.028183091432                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2252694.414369935170                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3772                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5317                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1278                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    108749250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    147712500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 515152179500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28830.66                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27781.17                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 403092472.22                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10495800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5578650                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             24811500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              756900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1836544320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2708981430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6653716800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11240885400                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         483.102102                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17271210250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    776880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5220045750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              16443420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               8736090                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             38134740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             3518280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1836544320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3384689640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6084699360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11372765850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         488.769958                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15783983250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    776880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6707272750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23268136000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23268136000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23268136000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2194078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2194078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2194153                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2194153                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          64997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              64997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         64997                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             64997                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1421318000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1421318000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1421318000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1421318000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2259075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2259075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2259150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2259150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21867.440036                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21867.440036                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21867.440036                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21867.440036                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           19533                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 19533                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        64997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         64997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        64997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1291324000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1291324000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1291324000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1291324000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19867.440036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19867.440036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19867.440036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19867.440036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      64741                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1406825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1406825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         52567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             52567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    961643000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    961643000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1459392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1459392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.036020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18293.663325                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18293.663325                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        52567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    856509000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    856509000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16293.663325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16293.663325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         787253                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             787253                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        12430                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            12430                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    459675000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    459675000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       799683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         799683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015544                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015544                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36981.094127                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36981.094127                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    434815000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    434815000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015544                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015544                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34981.094127                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34981.094127                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23268136000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.315989                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2188522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 64741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 33.804266                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.315989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2324147                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2324147                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23268136000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23268136000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23268136000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           28403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           31535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               59938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          28403                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          31535                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              59938                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         66176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             99638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        66176                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            99638                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1087302000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    746638000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1833940000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1087302000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    746638000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1833940000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        94579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        64997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          159576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        94579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        64997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         159576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.624392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.624392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16430.458172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22313.011775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18406.029828                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16430.458172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22313.011775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18406.029828                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          14750                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                14750                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        99638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    954952000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    679714000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1634666000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    954952000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    679714000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1634666000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.624392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.624392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14430.488395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20313.011775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16406.049901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14430.488395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20313.011775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16406.049901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    111801                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          28403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          31535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              59938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        66176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            99638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1087302000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    746638000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1833940000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        94579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        64997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         159576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.624392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16430.458172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22313.011775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18406.029828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        66176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        99638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    954952000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    679714000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1634666000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.624392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14430.488395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20313.011775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16406.049901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19533                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19533                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19533                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19533                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23268136000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.844886                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 176739                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               111801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.580836                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    56.251748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   246.036364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   207.556774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.109867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.480540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.405384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               291422                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              291422                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23268136000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               159576                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              159575                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         19533                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       149527                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       189157                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  338684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5409920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6052992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 11462912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           472890000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            257241000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           324985000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23268136000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23268136000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23268136000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  23268136000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                27100048000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 127151                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34283212                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   237321                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    55.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              492253512                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13065219                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.027100                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 27100048000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1575317                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13065219                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1699508                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           157                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      931680                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           144                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9064306                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         27100048                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   27100048                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7912194                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4333576                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1174881                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 112438                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        112438                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               179667                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               89396                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      248740                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12950107                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12950107                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25589716                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10441214                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1698268                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2629508                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     931240                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 38192      0.29%      0.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10309024     78.90%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1041      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       917      0.01%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     428      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    39524      0.30%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      834      0.01%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    22396      0.17%     79.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23178      0.18%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 229      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1676039     12.83%     92.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  929309      7.11%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               22229      0.17%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1931      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13065287                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        74589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        32550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          107139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        74589                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        32550                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         107139                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          9726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3978                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5748                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         9726                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    247429000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    346895000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    594324000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    247429000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    346895000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    594324000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       116865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       116865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.150086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.083224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.150086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.083224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62199.346405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60350.556715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61106.724244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62199.346405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60350.556715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61106.724244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1464                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1464                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         9726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         9726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    239473000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    335399000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    574872000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    239473000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    335399000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    574872000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050632                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.150086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050632                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.150086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60199.346405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58350.556715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59106.724244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60199.346405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58350.556715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59106.724244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  4116                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        74589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        32550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         107139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         9726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    247429000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    346895000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    594324000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       116865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.150086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.083224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62199.346405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60350.556715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61106.724244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    239473000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    335399000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    574872000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.050632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.150086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60199.346405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58350.556715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59106.724244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        17017                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        17017                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        17017                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17017                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27100048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4666.304424                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             133882                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            10609                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            12.619663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    53.171363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1695.930492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2917.202569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.051756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.089026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.142404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6493                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1487                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4874                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.198151                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           144491                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          144491                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27100048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8951974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8951974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8951974                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8951974                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         112332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             112332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        112332                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            112332                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2240746000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2240746000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2240746000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2240746000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9064306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9064306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9064306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9064306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19947.530534                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19947.530534                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19947.530534                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19947.530534                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       112332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        112332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       112332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       112332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2016082000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2016082000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2016082000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2016082000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17947.530534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17947.530534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17947.530534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17947.530534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     112076                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8951974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8951974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        112332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            112332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2240746000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2240746000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9064306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9064306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19947.530534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19947.530534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       112332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       112332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2016082000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2016082000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17947.530534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17947.530534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27100048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.361719                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9064306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                112332                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 80.692109                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.361719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9176638                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9176638                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27100048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                9726                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9726                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1464                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        20916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        20916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  20916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       716160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       716160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  716160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            17046000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           52010000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27100048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          254592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          367872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              622464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       254592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         254592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        93696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            93696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5748                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 9726                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1464                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1464                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            9394522                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           13574589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               22969111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       9394522                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           9394522                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         3457411                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               3457411                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         3457411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           9394522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          13574589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              26426521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       940.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3978.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5434.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006144402500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            53                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            53                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                27226                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 872                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         9726                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1464                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       9726                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1464                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     314                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    524                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.11                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      96647750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    47060000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                273122750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10268.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29018.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5491                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      788                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  58.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   9726                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1464                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     9404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4058                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     163.028093                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    120.646622                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    158.768472                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1907     46.99%     46.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1316     32.43%     79.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          440     10.84%     90.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          187      4.61%     94.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          105      2.59%     97.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           35      0.86%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           19      0.47%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           23      0.57%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           26      0.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4058                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           53                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      177.471698                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     110.428626                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     457.234900                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             35     66.04%     66.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           14     26.42%     92.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      5.66%     98.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      1.89%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             53                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           53                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.452830                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.432070                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.845032                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                12     22.64%     22.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      9.43%     32.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                36     67.92%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             53                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  602368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    20096                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    59200                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   622464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 93696                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         22.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      22.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       3.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    27094603000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2421322.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       254592                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       347776                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        59200                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 9394522.105643501505                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 12833040.000519555062                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2184497.975796943065                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3978                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5748                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1464                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    114732750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    158390000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 616599932500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28841.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27555.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 421174817.28                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10888500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5787375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             25725420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              777780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2138947200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2881015980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7980300000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13043442255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         481.306980                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  20718321500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    904800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5476926500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              18085620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               9612735                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             41476260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4050720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2138947200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3776656410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7226076480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13214905425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         487.634023                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18747051500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    904800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7448196500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27100048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27100048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27100048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2556577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2556577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2556652                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2556652                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          74468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              74468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         74468                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             74468                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1606569000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1606569000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1606569000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1606569000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2631045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2631045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2631120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2631120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21573.951227                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21573.951227                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21573.951227                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21573.951227                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           22781                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 22781                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        74468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         74468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        74468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        74468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1457633000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1457633000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1457633000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1457633000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19573.951227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19573.951227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19573.951227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19573.951227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      74212                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1639268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1639268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         60165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             60165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1093808000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1093808000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1699433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1699433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.035403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18180.137954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18180.137954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        60165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    973478000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    973478000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16180.137954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16180.137954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         917309                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             917309                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        14303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            14303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    512761000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    512761000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       931612                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         931612                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015353                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015353                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35849.891631                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35849.891631                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14303                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14303                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    484155000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    484155000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015353                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015353                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33849.891631                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33849.891631                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                75                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            75                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27100048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.554106                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2631120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 74468                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.332223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.554106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2705588                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2705588                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27100048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27100048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27100048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           33765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           36170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               69935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          33765                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          36170                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              69935                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         78567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         38298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            116865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           116865                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1260844000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    833273000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2094117000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1260844000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    833273000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2094117000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       112332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        74468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          186800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       112332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        74468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         186800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.625616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.625616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16048.009979                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21757.611364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17919.111796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16048.009979                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21757.611364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17919.111796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          17017                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                17017                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       116865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       116865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1103710000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    756677000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1860387000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1103710000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    756677000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1860387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14048.009979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19757.611364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15919.111796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14048.009979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19757.611364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15919.111796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    131074                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          33765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          36170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              69935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           116865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1260844000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    833273000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2094117000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       112332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        74468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         186800                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.625616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16048.009979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21757.611364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17919.111796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        78567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       116865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1103710000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    756677000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1860387000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.699418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.514288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14048.009979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19757.611364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15919.111796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        22781                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        22781                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        22781                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        22781                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27100048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.149616                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 209581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               131586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.592730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    54.848321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.066085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   205.235210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.107126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.488410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.400850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               341167                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              341167                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27100048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               186800                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              186800                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         22781                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       171717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       224664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  396381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6223936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7189248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13413184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           561660000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            300705000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           372340000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27100048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27100048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27100048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  27100048000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
