
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4158318000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  92642                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34264572                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   181319                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    10.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              385211990                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000012                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1957307                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004158                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4158318000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            218932                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000012                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1957307                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      183786                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            35                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      130535                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            92                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1330364                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            90                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4158307                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4158307                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1243415                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              640901                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       167734                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  84033                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         84033                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               125416                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               65635                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       28371                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1896497                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1896497                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3666923                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1560077                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      182974                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        313399                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     130425                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 15388      0.79%      0.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1556399     79.52%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1608      0.08%     80.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     12886      0.66%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1125      0.06%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      506      0.03%     81.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    16673      0.85%     81.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13388      0.68%     82.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   15708      0.80%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    827      0.04%     83.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                4280      0.22%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1712      0.09%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               2568      0.13%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                856      0.04%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   160941      8.22%     92.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  126721      6.47%     98.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               22033      1.13%     99.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               3704      0.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1957323                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    67                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        11519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           12324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        11519                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          805                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          12324                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          978                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3772                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4750                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     57353000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    219875000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    277228000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     57353000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    219875000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    277228000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        12497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        17074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        12497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        17074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.824121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.278201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.824121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.278201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58643.149284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58291.357370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58363.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58643.149284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58291.357370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58363.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     55397000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    212331000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    267728000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     55397000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    212331000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    267728000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.824121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.824121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56643.149284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56291.357370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56363.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56643.149284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56291.357370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56363.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        11519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          12324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     57353000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    219875000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    277228000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        12497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        17074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.824121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.278201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58643.149284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58291.357370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58363.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     55397000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    212331000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    267728000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.824121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56643.149284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56291.357370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56363.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3949                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4158318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3779.836831                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   861.400757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2918.436074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.013144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.044532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.057676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4750                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4528                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.072479                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            25773                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           25773                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4158318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1302015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1302015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1302015                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1302015                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          28349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              28349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         28349                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             28349                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    530829000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    530829000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    530829000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    530829000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1330364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1330364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1330364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1330364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18724.787470                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18724.787470                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18724.787470                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18724.787470                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         28349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    474131000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    474131000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    474131000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    474131000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16724.787470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16724.787470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16724.787470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16724.787470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      28093                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1302015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1302015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         28349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             28349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    530829000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    530829000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1330364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1330364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18724.787470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18724.787470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        28349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    474131000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    474131000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.021309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16724.787470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16724.787470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4158318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.962070                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1127330                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 28093                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 40.128502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.962070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.980321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.980321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1358713                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1358713                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4158318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4750                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4750                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         9500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         9500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   9500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       304000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       304000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  304000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4750000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           25207250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4158318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           62592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          241408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              304000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        62592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          62592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           15052240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           58054242                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               73106482                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      15052240                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          15052240                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          15052240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          58054242                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              73106482                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       978.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3772.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                10568                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4750                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4750                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      29958250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    23750000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                119020750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6307.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25057.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3783                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4750                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4750                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          967                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     314.374354                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    196.324292                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    319.705229                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           313     32.37%     32.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          200     20.68%     53.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          239     24.72%     77.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           25      2.59%     80.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           20      2.07%     82.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           18      1.86%     84.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      1.86%     86.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      1.14%     87.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          123     12.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           967                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  304000                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   304000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         73.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      73.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4157405000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      875243.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        62592                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       241408                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 15052239.871986702085                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 58054242.123858727515                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          978                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3772                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     24756750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     94264000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25313.65                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24990.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               4076940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2166945                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             16707600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      328217760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         770637150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         947836800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2069643195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         497.711622                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2456333250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    138840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1563144750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               2827440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1502820                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             17207400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      328217760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         484998180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1188374880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2023128480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.525677                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3084359250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    138840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    935118750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4158318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4158318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4158318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           307355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               307355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          307359                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              307359                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6946                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6946                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329480000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    329480000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    335224000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    335224000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       314224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           314224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       314305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          314305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47966.225069                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47966.225069                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48261.445436                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48261.445436                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5017                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5017                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    315744000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    315744000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    321334000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    321334000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45966.516232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45966.516232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46261.733372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46261.733372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6689                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          181649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              181649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     54833000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54833000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       183705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          183705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26669.747082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26669.747082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     50721000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50721000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24669.747082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24669.747082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         125706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             125706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4813                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4813                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274647000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    274647000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       130519                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         130519                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036876                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.036876                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57063.577810                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57063.577810                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4813                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4813                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    265023000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    265023000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036876                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036876                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55063.993351                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55063.993351                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data             4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5744000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5744000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           81                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            81                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.950617                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.950617                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5590000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5590000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.950617                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.950617                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4158318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               249.506730                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  293107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6689                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 43.819255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   249.506730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.974636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.974636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                321250                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               321250                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4158318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4158318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4158318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           15852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               18220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          15852                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2368                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              18220                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         12497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             17075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        12497                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4578                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            17075                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    217858000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    271832000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    489690000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    217858000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    271832000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    489690000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        28349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           35295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        28349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          35295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.483780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.483780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17432.823878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59377.894277                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28678.770132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17432.823878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59377.894277                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28678.770132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3949                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3949                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        17075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192864000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    262678000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    455542000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192864000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    262678000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    455542000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440827                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440827                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15432.823878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57378.331149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26678.887262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15432.823878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57378.331149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26678.887262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     18726                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          15852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              18220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        12497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            17075                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    217858000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    271832000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    489690000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        28349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          35295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440827                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.483780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17432.823878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59377.894277                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28678.770132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192864000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    262678000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    455542000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.440827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.659084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15432.823878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57378.331149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26678.887262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5017                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5017                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5017                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5017                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4158318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              501.762233                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  36282                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                18726                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.937520                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    75.478571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   179.553216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.730446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.147419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.350690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.481895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                59550                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               59550                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4158318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                35295                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               35294                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5017                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        18908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        56698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   75606                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       765568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1814336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2579904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           141745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               3.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             60380000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            34725000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4158318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4158318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4158318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4158318000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8154466000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  98617                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34265240                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   195444                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    20.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              402080599                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3963732                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008154                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8154466000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            443697                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3963732                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      376533                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            35                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      250203                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           119                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2652586                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            90                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8154455                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8154455                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2534591                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1280306                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       336803                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 192809                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        192809                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               287449                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              150632                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       58902                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3825199                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3825199                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7400080                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3159878                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      374713                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        624662                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     249949                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 34821      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3139839     79.21%     80.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2701      0.07%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     29770      0.75%     80.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2594      0.07%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1254      0.03%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    37527      0.95%     81.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    30796      0.78%     82.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   35999      0.91%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   1930      0.05%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                9940      0.25%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                3976      0.10%     84.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               5964      0.15%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               1988      0.05%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   323791      8.17%     92.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  241521      6.09%     98.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               50922      1.28%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               8428      0.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3963761                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    72                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        26714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           28517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        26714                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1803                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          28517                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          5391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          997                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4394                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         5391                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58692000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    255875000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    314567000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58692000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    255875000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    314567000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        27711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        33908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        27711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        33908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.709053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.158989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.709053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.158989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58868.605817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58232.817478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58350.398813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58868.605817                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58232.817478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58350.398813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         5391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         5391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56698000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    247087000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    303785000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56698000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    247087000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    303785000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.709053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.709053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56868.605817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56232.817478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56350.398813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56868.605817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56232.817478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56350.398813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        26714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          28517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         5391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58692000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    255875000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    314567000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        27711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        33908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.709053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.158989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58868.605817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58232.817478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58350.398813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56698000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    247087000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    303785000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.035978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.709053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56868.605817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56232.817478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56350.398813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8154466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4396.486126                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   920.980366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3475.505760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.014053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.053032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.067085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.082260                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            44524                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           44524                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8154466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2587921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2587921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2587921                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2587921                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          64665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              64665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         64665                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             64665                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1137944000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1137944000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1137944000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1137944000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2652586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2652586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2652586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2652586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.024378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.024378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17597.525709                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17597.525709                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17597.525709                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17597.525709                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         64665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1008616000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1008616000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1008616000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1008616000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15597.556638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15597.556638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15597.556638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15597.556638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      64408                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2587921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2587921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         64665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             64665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1137944000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1137944000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2652586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2652586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17597.525709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17597.525709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1008616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1008616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.024378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15597.556638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15597.556638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8154466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.430940                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2270558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 64408                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 35.252733                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.430940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.989965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2717250                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2717250                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8154466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5391                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5391                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        10782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        10782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  10782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       345024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       345024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  345024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             5391000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           28595000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8154466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           63808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          281216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              345024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        63808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          63808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              997                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7824915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           34486133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               42311048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7824915                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7824915                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7824915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          34486133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              42311048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       997.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4394.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                12876                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5391                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5391                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      33942750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    26955000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                135024000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6296.19                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25046.19                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4328                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  80.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5391                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5391                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1063                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     324.575729                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    202.538018                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    324.562971                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           333     31.33%     31.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          219     20.60%     51.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          252     23.71%     75.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           36      3.39%     79.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           25      2.35%     81.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      2.16%     83.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           21      1.98%     85.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           15      1.41%     86.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          139     13.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1063                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  345024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   345024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         42.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      42.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8147619000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1511337.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        63808                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       281216                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7824914.592813311145                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 34486133.120182238519                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          997                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4394                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     25461750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    109562250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25538.37                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24934.51                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     80.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               4241160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2254230                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             17685780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      643528080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         869410740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2399179680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3936299670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         482.717038                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6228577750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    272220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1653668250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3348660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1779855                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             20805960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      643528080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         670301190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2566850880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3906614625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         479.076696                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6666289000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    272220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1215957000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8154466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8154466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8154466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           615415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               615415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          615425                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              615425                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          11205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              11205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         11282                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             11282                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    436313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    436313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    442057000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    442057000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       626620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           626620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       626707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          626707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.018002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38939.134315                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38939.134315                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39182.503102                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39182.503102                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7443                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7443                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         11205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    413903000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    413903000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    419493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    419493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36939.134315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36939.134315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37182.503102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37182.503102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      11026                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          372305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              372305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     90131000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90131000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       376446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          376446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21765.515576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21765.515576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     81849000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81849000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19765.515576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19765.515576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         243110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             243110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7064                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7064                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    346182000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    346182000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       250174                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         250174                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028236                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.028236                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49006.511891                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49006.511891                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7064                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7064                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    332054000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    332054000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028236                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028236                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47006.511891                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47006.511891                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            10                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                10                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              77                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5744000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5744000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           87                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            87                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885057                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.885057                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5590000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5590000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.885057                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885057                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72597.402597                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8154466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.688799                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  600924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 11026                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 54.500635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.688799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.987066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                637989                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               637989                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8154466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8154466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8154466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           36953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               42038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          36953                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5085                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              42038                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         27712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             33909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        27712                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6197                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            33909                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    416941000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327648000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    744589000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    416941000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327648000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    744589000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        64665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        11282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           75947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        64665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        11282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          75947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.446482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.446482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15045.503753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52872.034856                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21958.447610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15045.503753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52872.034856                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21958.447610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        27712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        33909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        27712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        33909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    361519000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    315254000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    676773000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    361519000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    315254000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    676773000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13045.575924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50872.034856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19958.506591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13045.575924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50872.034856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19958.506591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     36500                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          36953                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              42038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        27712                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            33909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    416941000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327648000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    744589000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        64665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          75947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.446482                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15045.503753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52872.034856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21958.447610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        27712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        33909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    361519000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    315254000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    676773000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.428547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.549282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13045.575924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50872.034856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19958.506591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7443                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7443                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7443                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7443                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8154466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.779316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  77008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                36500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.109808                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    80.503602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   195.544122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   230.731592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.157234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.381922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.450648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.989803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               120402                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              120402                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8154466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                75947                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               75946                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7443                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        30007                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       129329                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  159336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1198400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4138496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5336896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           323320000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            113162000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            56410000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8154466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8154466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8154466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8154466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12143361000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 104230                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34265240                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   207432                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    28.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              421894074                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000008                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5970507                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012143                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12143361000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            668605                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000008                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5970507                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      569579                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      369157                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           141                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3974390                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            91                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12143350                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12143350                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3826839                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1919900                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       505995                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 302289                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        302289                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               450860                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              236292                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       89370                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5753730                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5753730                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11132800                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4760159                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      566744                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        935503                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     368759                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 54278      0.91%      0.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4723373     79.11%     80.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     3788      0.06%     80.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     46815      0.78%     80.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4062      0.07%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     2016      0.03%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    58337      0.98%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    48200      0.81%     82.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   56240      0.94%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   3032      0.05%     83.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               15865      0.27%     84.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                6346      0.11%     84.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               9519      0.16%     84.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               3173      0.05%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   486665      8.15%     92.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  355657      5.96%     98.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               80079      1.34%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              13102      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5970547                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    77                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        41867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           44704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        41867                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2837                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          44704                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          5971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          998                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4973                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         5971                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58758000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    288756000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    347514000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58758000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    288756000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    347514000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        42865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        50675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        42865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        50675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.636748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.117829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.636748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.117829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58875.751503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58064.749648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58200.301457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58875.751503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58064.749648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58200.301457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         5971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         5971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56762000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    278810000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    335572000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56762000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    278810000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    335572000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.636748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.636748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56875.751503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56064.749648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56200.301457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56875.751503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56064.749648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56200.301457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        41867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          44704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         5971                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58758000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    288756000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    347514000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        42865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        50675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.636748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.117829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58875.751503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58064.749648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58200.301457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56762000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    278810000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    335572000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.023282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.636748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56875.751503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56064.749648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56200.301457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6577                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6577                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6577                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6577                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12143361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4812.523647                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   946.122278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3866.401369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.014437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.058997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.073433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5971                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1547                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4291                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.091110                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            63223                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           63223                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12143361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3873503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3873503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3873503                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3873503                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         100887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             100887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        100887                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            100887                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1742195000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1742195000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1742195000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1742195000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3974390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3974390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3974390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3974390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17268.775957                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17268.775957                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17268.775957                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17268.775957                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       100887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        100887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       100887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1540423000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1540423000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1540423000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1540423000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15268.795781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15268.795781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15268.795781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15268.795781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     100630                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3873503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3873503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        100887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            100887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1742195000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1742195000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3974390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3974390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17268.775957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17268.775957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       100887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1540423000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1540423000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15268.795781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15268.795781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12143361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.274834                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3393465                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                100630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.722200                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.274834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4075276                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4075276                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12143361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5971                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5971                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        11942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        11942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       382144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       382144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  382144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             5971000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           31655750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12143361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           63872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          318272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              382144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        63872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          63872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4973                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            5259829                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           26209548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               31469377                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       5259829                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           5259829                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           5259829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          26209548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              31469377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       998.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4973.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                15060                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5971                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5971                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      36714000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    29855000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                148670250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6148.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 24898.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4835                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  80.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5971                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1136                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     336.394366                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    210.965837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    328.434159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           339     29.84%     29.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          233     20.51%     50.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          263     23.15%     73.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           43      3.79%     77.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           37      3.26%     80.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      2.02%     82.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           26      2.29%     84.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           19      1.67%     86.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          153     13.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1136                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  382144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   382144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         31.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      31.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12056773000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2019221.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        63872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       318272                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 5259828.806868214160                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 26209547.752059746534                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          998                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4973                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     25494250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    123176000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25545.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24768.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     80.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               4755240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2527470                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             21819840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      958223760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1061448870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3769199040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5817974220                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         479.107409                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9788497500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    405340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1949523500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3355800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1783650                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             20813100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      958223760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         730112430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4048219200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5762507940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         474.539787                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10516964750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    405340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1221056250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12143361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12143361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12143361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           923043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               923043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          923058                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              923058                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          15560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              15560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         15638                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             15638                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    540357000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    540357000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    546117000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    546117000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       938603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           938603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       938696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          938696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016578                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34727.313625                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34727.313625                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34922.432536                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34922.432536                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9883                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9883                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    509237000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    509237000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    514841000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    514841000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016578                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32727.313625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32727.313625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32922.432536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32922.432536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      15382                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          563268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              563268                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    124824000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    124824000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       569486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          569486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20074.622065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20074.622065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    112388000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112388000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18074.622065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18074.622065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         359775                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             359775                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9342                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9342                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    415533000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    415533000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       369117                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         369117                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025309                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.025309                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44480.089917                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44480.089917                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9342                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9342                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    396849000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    396849000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025309                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025309                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42480.089917                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42480.089917                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            15                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                15                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           93                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            93                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838710                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.838710                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838710                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.838710                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12143361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.776474                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  923913                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 15382                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 60.064556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.776474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                954334                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               954334                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12143361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12143361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12143361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           58021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               65849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          58021                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7828                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              65849                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         42866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          7810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        42866                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50676                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    614007000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    380340000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    994347000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    614007000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    380340000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    994347000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       100887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          116525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       100887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         116525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.434894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.434894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14323.869734                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48699.103713                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19621.655221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14323.869734                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48699.103713                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19621.655221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6577                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6577                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    528277000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    364720000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    892997000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    528277000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    364720000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    892997000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12323.916391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46699.103713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17621.694688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12323.916391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46699.103713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17621.694688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     54329                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          58021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              65849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        42866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    614007000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    380340000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    994347000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       100887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         116525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.434894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14323.869734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48699.103713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19621.655221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    528277000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    364720000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    892997000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.434894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 12323.916391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46699.103713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17621.694688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9883                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9883                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9883                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9883                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12143361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.494225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 118975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                54329                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.189899                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    77.966613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   201.069304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   229.458307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.152279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.392713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.448161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          261                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               181249                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              181249                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12143361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               116525                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              116524                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9883                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41159                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       201773                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  242932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1633344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6456704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8090048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           504430000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            165940000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            78190000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12143361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12143361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12143361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12143361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                16141990000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 108883                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34265240                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   217188                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    36.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              439353597                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000374                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7979532                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.016142                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16141990000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            893606                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000374                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7979532                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      762230                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      489286                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           169                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5297135                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            91                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         16141979                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   16141979                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5120658                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2559689                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       675183                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 410183                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        410183                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               611350                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              320499                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      120066                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7685563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7685563                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14872062                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6362550                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      758386                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1247129                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     488743                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 73769      0.92%      0.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6309644     79.07%     80.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4883      0.06%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     63580      0.80%     80.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    5528      0.07%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     2860      0.04%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    79323      0.99%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    65808      0.82%     82.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   76616      0.96%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   4114      0.05%     83.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               21060      0.26%     84.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                8424      0.11%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              12636      0.16%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               4212      0.05%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   649797      8.14%     92.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  470901      5.90%     98.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              108589      1.36%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              17842      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7979586                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    85                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        57254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           61192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        57254                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3938                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          61192                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          998                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5585                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6583                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58758000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    324229000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    382987000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58758000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    324229000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    382987000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        58252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        67775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        58252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        67775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58875.751503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58053.536258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58178.186237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58875.751503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58053.536258                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58178.186237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56762000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    313059000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    369821000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56762000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    313059000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    369821000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56875.751503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56053.536258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56178.186237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56875.751503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56053.536258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56178.186237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        57254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          61192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          998                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     58758000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    324229000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    382987000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        58252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        67775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.097130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58875.751503                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58053.536258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58178.186237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56762000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    313059000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    369821000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.017132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586475                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56875.751503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56053.536258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56178.186237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7998                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7998                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7998                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7998                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16141990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5172.002973                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   958.973219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4213.029753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.014633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.064286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.078919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6583                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5038                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.100449                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            82356                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           82356                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16141990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5159840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5159840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5159840                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5159840                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         137295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             137295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        137295                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            137295                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2350119000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2350119000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2350119000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2350119000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5297135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5297135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5297135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5297135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.025919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17117.294876                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17117.294876                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17117.294876                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17117.294876                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        137295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       137295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2075531000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2075531000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2075531000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2075531000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15117.309443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15117.309443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15117.309443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15117.309443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     137038                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5159840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5159840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        137295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            137295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2350119000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2350119000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5297135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5297135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17117.294876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17117.294876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       137295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       137295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2075531000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2075531000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.025919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15117.309443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15117.309443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16141990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.702185                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4534425                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                137038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.088815                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.702185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5434429                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5434429                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16141990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6583                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6583                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        13166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        13166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  13166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       421312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       421312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  421312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6583000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           34887500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16141990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           63872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          357440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              421312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        63872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          63872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5585                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6583                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3956885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           22143490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               26100375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3956885                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3956885                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3956885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          22143490                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              26100375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       998.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5585.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                17312                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6583                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6583                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      40344250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    32915000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                163775500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6128.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 24878.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5365                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  81.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6583                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1218                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     345.904762                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    216.932815                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    333.172826                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           351     28.82%     28.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          254     20.85%     49.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          271     22.25%     71.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           48      3.94%     75.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           44      3.61%     79.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           26      2.13%     81.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           31      2.55%     84.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           23      1.89%     86.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          170     13.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1218                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  421312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   421312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         26.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      26.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    16098190000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2445418.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        63872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       357440                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3956885.117634195369                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 22143490.362712405622                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          998                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5585                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     25494250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    138281250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25545.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24759.40                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     81.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               4812360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2557830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             22369620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1274148720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1138338450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5239923360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7682150340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         475.910984                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13611343500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    538980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1991666500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3884160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2064480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             24633000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1274148720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         920968380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5422971840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7648670580                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         473.836905                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14089166500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    538980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1513843500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16141990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16141990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16141990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1231478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1231478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1231497                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1231497                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          19887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              19887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         19965                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             19965                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    646891000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    646891000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    652651000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    652651000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1251365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1251365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1251462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1251462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32528.335093                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32528.335093                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32689.757075                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32689.757075                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12361                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12361                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    607117000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    607117000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    612721000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    612721000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30528.335093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30528.335093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30689.757075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30689.757075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      19709                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          753857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              753857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    159559000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    159559000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       762133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          762133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19279.724505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19279.724505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    143007000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    143007000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17279.724505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17279.724505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         477621                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             477621                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        11611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            11611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    487332000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    487332000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       489232                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         489232                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023733                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.023733                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41971.578675                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41971.578675                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    464110000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    464110000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.023733                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023733                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39971.578675                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39971.578675                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            19                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                19                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           97                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            97                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804124                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.804124                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804124                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.804124                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16141990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.327277                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1225077                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 19709                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 62.158253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.327277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1271427                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1271427                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16141990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16141990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16141990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           79042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               89484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          79042                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10442                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              89484                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         58253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          9523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             67776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        58253                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            67776                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    814038000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    436858000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1250896000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    814038000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    436858000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1250896000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       137295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        19965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          157260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       137295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        19965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         157260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.476985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.430981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.476985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.430981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13974.181587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45873.989289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18456.326723                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13974.181587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45873.989289                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18456.326723                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7998                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7998                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        58253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        67776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        58253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    697534000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    417812000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1115346000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    697534000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    417812000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1115346000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.476985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.430981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.476985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.430981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11974.215920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43873.989289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16456.356232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11974.215920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43873.989289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16456.356232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     72484                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          79042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              89484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        58253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            67776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    814038000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    436858000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1250896000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       137295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        19965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         157260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.476985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.430981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13974.181587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45873.989289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18456.326723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        58253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        67776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    697534000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    417812000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1115346000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.424291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.476985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.430981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11974.215920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43873.989289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16456.356232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12361                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12361                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12361                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12361                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16141990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.362662                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 165394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                72484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.281800                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    84.237773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   204.190788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   220.934100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.164527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.398810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.431512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               242617                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              242617                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16141990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               157260                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              157259                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12361                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        52291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       274589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  326880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2068864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8786816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10855680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           686470000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            219065000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            99825000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16141990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16141990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16141990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  16141990000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                20155850000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 114557                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34265896                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   228943                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    43.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              461780689                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000176                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9992899                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.020156                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 20155850000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1117940                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000176                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9992899                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      955308                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            36                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      611326                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           209                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6618865                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            93                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         20155839                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   20155839                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6421723                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3199173                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       843808                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 518185                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        518185                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               772283                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              404711                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      151182                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9621650                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9621650                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18620023                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7966484                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      950463                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1561092                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     610629                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 93277      0.93%      0.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7898433     79.04%     79.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5978      0.06%     80.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     79458      0.80%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    6952      0.07%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     4092      0.04%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   100942      1.01%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    84206      0.84%     82.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   97424      0.97%     83.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5118      0.05%     83.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               25455      0.25%     84.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               10182      0.10%     84.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              15273      0.15%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               5091      0.05%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   813704      8.14%     92.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  587972      5.88%     98.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              136759      1.37%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              22657      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9992973                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   100                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        73120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           78275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        73120                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5155                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          78275                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1013                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6252                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7265                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59622000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363173000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    422795000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59622000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363173000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    422795000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        74133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        11407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        85540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        74133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        11407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        85540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.548085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.084931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.548085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.084931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58856.860809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58089.091491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58196.145905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58856.860809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58089.091491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58196.145905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     57596000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    350669000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    408265000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     57596000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    350669000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    408265000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.548085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.548085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56856.860809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56089.091491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56196.145905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56856.860809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56089.091491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56196.145905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        73120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          78275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1013                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59622000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363173000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    422795000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        74133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        85540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.548085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.084931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58856.860809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58089.091491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58196.145905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     57596000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    350669000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    408265000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.548085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56856.860809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56089.091491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56196.145905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9459                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9459                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9459                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9459                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5516.864756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   967.960045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4548.904711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.014770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.069411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.084181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5691                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.110855                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           102264                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          102264                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6444923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6444923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6444923                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6444923                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         173942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             173942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        173942                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            173942                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2964464000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2964464000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2964464000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2964464000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6618865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6618865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6618865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6618865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17042.830369                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17042.830369                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17042.830369                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17042.830369                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        173942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       173942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2616582000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2616582000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2616582000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2616582000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15042.841867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15042.841867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15042.841867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15042.841867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     173685                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6444923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6444923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        173942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            173942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2964464000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2964464000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6618865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6618865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.026280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17042.830369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17042.830369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       173942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       173942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2616582000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2616582000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15042.841867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15042.841867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.960634                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5671673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                173685                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.654939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.960634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6792806                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6792806                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7265                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7265                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       464960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       464960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  464960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7265000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           38493750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           64832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          400128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              464960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        64832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          64832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1013                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7265                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3216535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           19851706                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               23068241                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3216535                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3216535                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3216535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          19851706                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              23068241                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1013.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6252.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                19706                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7265                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7265                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      44662500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    36325000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                180881250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6147.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 24897.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5932                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  81.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7265                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7265                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     348.807202                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    220.398422                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    331.544003                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           371     27.83%     27.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          283     21.23%     49.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          291     21.83%     70.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           62      4.65%     75.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           51      3.83%     79.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           29      2.18%     81.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           39      2.93%     84.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           26      1.95%     86.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          181     13.58%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  464960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   464960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         23.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      23.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    20130292000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2770859.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        64832                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       400128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3216535.149844834115                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 19851705.584234848619                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1013                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6252                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     25858000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    155023250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25526.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24795.79                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     81.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5376420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2857635                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             25325580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1590688320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1345633200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6606681600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9576562755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         475.125721                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17162623250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    672880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2320346750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4141200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2201100                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             26546520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1590688320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1065437730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6842635680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9531650550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         472.897474                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17778665750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    672880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1704304250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1542064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1542064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1542085                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1542085                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          24397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              24397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         24475                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             24475                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    760194000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    760194000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    765954000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    765954000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1566461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1566461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1566560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1566560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31159.322868                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31159.322868                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31295.362615                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31295.362615                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           14798                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 14798                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         24397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    711400000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    711400000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    717004000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    717004000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29159.322868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29159.322868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29295.362615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29295.362615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      24219                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          944618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              944618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         10591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             10591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    198933000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    198933000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       955209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          955209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18783.212161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18783.212161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    177751000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    177751000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16783.212161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16783.212161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         597446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             597446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        13806                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            13806                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    561261000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    561261000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       611252                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         611252                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022586                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.022586                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40653.411560                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40653.411560                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13806                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13806                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    533649000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    533649000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022586                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022586                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38653.411560                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38653.411560                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            21                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                21                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           99                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            99                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.787879                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.787879                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.787879                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.787879                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.660385                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1524266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 24219                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 62.936785                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.660385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1591035                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1591035                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           99808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              112876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          99808                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13068                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             112876                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         74134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         11407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             85541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        74134                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        11407                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            85541                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1021325000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    498960000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1520285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1021325000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    498960000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1520285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       173942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          198417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       173942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         198417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.431117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.431117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13776.742116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43741.562199                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17772.588583                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13776.742116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43741.562199                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17772.588583                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9459                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9459                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        85541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        85541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    873059000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    476146000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1349205000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    873059000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    476146000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1349205000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11776.769094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41741.562199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15772.611964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11776.769094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41741.562199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15772.611964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     91332                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          99808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             112876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        74134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        11407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            85541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1021325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    498960000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1520285000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       173942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         198417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426200                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.431117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13776.742116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43741.562199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17772.588583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        74134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        85541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    873059000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    476146000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1349205000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.466067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11776.769094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41741.562199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15772.611964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        14798                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        14798                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        14798                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        14798                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.887864                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 207530                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                91332                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.272259                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    85.697989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   205.924771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   218.265104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.167379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.402197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.426299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               305059                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              305059                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               198417                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              198416                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         14798                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        63748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       347883                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  411631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2513472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     11132224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13645696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           869705000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            272407000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           122375000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20155850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  20155850000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24157262000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 118329                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34265896                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   236809                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    50.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              476413192                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000020                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12007732                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024157                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24157262000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1342633                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000020                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12007732                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1149198                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      731437                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           239                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7939631                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            93                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24157251                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24157251                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7726557                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3838593                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1012639                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 629103                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        629103                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               938397                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              491566                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      182168                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11557172                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11557172                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22366541                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9571226                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1143354                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1873948                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     730594                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                112997      0.94%      0.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9487261     79.01%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     7061      0.06%     80.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95722      0.80%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    8387      0.07%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     5458      0.05%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   122436      1.02%     81.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   102784      0.86%     82.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  118270      0.98%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   6155      0.05%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               30610      0.25%     84.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               12244      0.10%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              18366      0.15%     84.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               6122      0.05%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   977327      8.14%     92.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  703233      5.86%     98.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              166027      1.38%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              27361      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12007821                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   111                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        88550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         6446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           94996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        88550                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6446                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          94996                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1014                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6872                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7886                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59688000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    399739000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    459427000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59688000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    399739000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    459427000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        89564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       102882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        89564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       102882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.515993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.076651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.515993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.076651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58863.905325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58169.237485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58258.559472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58863.905325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58169.237485                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58258.559472                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     57660000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    385995000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    443655000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     57660000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    385995000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    443655000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.515993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.515993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56863.905325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56169.237485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56258.559472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56863.905325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56169.237485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56258.559472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        88550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         6446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          94996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7886                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59688000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    399739000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    459427000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        89564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       102882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.515993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.076651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58863.905325                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58169.237485                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58258.559472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     57660000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    385995000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    443655000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.515993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56863.905325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56169.237485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56258.559472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10859                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10859                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10859                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10859                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24157262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5855.629027                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   975.513481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4880.115546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.014885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.074465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.089350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7886                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1468                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6284                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.120331                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           121627                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          121627                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24157262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7729508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7729508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7729508                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7729508                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         210123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             210123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        210123                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            210123                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3569233000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3569233000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3569233000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3569233000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7939631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7939631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7939631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7939631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16986.398443                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16986.398443                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16986.398443                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16986.398443                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       210123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        210123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       210123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       210123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3148989000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3148989000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3148989000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3148989000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14986.407961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14986.407961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14986.407961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14986.407961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     209866                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7729508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7729508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        210123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            210123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3569233000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3569233000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7939631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7939631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.026465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16986.398443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16986.398443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       210123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       210123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3148989000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3148989000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14986.407961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14986.407961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24157262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.132794                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6806809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                209866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.434072                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.132794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8149753                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8149753                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24157262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7886                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7886                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        15772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        15772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  15772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       504704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       504704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  504704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7886000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           41776000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24157262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           64896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          439808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              504704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        64896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          64896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1014                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6872                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7886                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2686397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           18206037                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               20892434                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2686397                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2686397                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2686397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          18206037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              20892434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1014.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6872.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                21976                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7886                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7886                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      48980500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    39430000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                196843000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6211.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 24961.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6460                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  81.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7886                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7886                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1426                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     353.929874                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    223.938732                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    332.977889                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           391     27.42%     27.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          303     21.25%     48.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          299     20.97%     69.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           72      5.05%     74.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           60      4.21%     78.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           31      2.17%     81.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           44      3.09%     84.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           33      2.31%     86.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          193     13.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1426                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  504704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   504704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         20.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      20.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    24084908000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3054134.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        64896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       439808                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2686397.158750855364                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 18206036.760291792452                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1014                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6872                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     25890500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    170952500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25533.04                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24876.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     81.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5383560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2861430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             25332720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1906613280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1403448870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        8094537120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11438176980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         473.488137                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21030165000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    806520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2320577000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4798080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2550240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             30973320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1906613280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1301867460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        8180079360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11426881740                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         473.020566                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  21253456750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    806520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2097285250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24157262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24157262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24157262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1851258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1851258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1851284                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1851284                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          29184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              29184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         29262                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             29262                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    875489000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    875489000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    881249000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    881249000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1880442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1880442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1880546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1880546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29998.937774                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29998.937774                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30115.815734                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30115.815734                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           17281                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 17281                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         29184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    817121000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    817121000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    822725000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    822725000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27998.937774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27998.937774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28115.815734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28115.815734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      29006                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1135945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1135945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         13149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             13149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241946000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    241946000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1149094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1149094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18400.334626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18400.334626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    215648000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    215648000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16400.334626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16400.334626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         715313                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             715313                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16035                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16035                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    633543000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    633543000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       731348                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         731348                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.021925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39510.009355                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39510.009355                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16035                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16035                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    601473000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    601473000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021925                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021925                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37510.009355                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37510.009355                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            26                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                26                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          104                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           104                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24157262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.882279                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1869544                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 29006                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 64.453699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.882279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1909808                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1909808                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24157262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24157262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24157262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          120558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           15944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              136502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         120558                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          15944                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             136502                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         89565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            102883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        89565                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13318                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           102883                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1221992000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    559129000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1781121000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1221992000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    559129000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1781121000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       210123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        29262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          239385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       210123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        29262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         239385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.429780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.429780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13643.633116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41982.955399                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17312.102097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13643.633116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41982.955399                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17312.102097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          10859                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                10859                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        89565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       102883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        89565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       102883                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1042864000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    532493000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1575357000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1042864000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    532493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1575357000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.429780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.429780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11643.655446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39982.955399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15312.121536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11643.655446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39982.955399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15312.121536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    109837                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         120558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          15944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             136502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        89565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           102883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1221992000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    559129000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1781121000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       210123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        29262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         239385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.429780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13643.633116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41982.955399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17312.102097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        89565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       102883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1042864000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    532493000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1575357000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.426250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.455130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.429780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11643.655446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39982.955399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15312.121536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        17281                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        17281                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        17281                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17281                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24157262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.237719                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 251548                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               109837                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.290194                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    92.170881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   207.933587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   210.133250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.180021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.406120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.410417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          230                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               367015                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              367015                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24157262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               239385                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              239384                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         17281                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75805                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       420245                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  496050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2978752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     13447808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 16426560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1050610000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            325790000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           146310000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24157262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24157262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24157262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24157262000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                28159883000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 126038                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34265896                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   252516                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    55.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              507030326                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      14024447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.028160                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 28159883000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1567758                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      14024447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1342183                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      851732                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           267                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9260807                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            93                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         28159883                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   28159883                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              9034600                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4478658                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1181652                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 738216                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        738216                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1101455                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              576931                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      213356                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13495703                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13495703                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            26118713                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           11179098                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1335343                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2186090                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     850747                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                132752      0.95%      0.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  11079679     79.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     8150      0.06%     80.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                    112059      0.80%     80.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    9809      0.07%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     6946      0.05%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   144016      1.03%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   121488      0.87%     82.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  139012      0.99%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   7175      0.05%     83.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               35170      0.25%     84.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               14068      0.10%     84.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              21102      0.15%     84.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               7034      0.05%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1140617      8.13%     92.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  818774      5.84%     98.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              194726      1.39%     99.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              31973      0.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   14024550                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   119                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst       103894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          111740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst       103894                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7846                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         111740                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1017                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7505                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8522                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59872000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    436103000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    495975000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59872000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    436103000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    495975000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       104911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       120262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       104911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       120262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.488893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.070862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.488893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.070862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58871.189774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58108.327781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58199.366346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58871.189774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58108.327781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58199.366346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1017                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     57838000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    421093000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    478931000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     57838000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    421093000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    478931000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.488893                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.488893                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56871.189774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56108.327781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56199.366346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56871.189774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56108.327781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56199.366346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst       103894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         111740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1017                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     59872000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    436103000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    495975000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       104911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       120262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.488893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58871.189774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58108.327781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58199.366346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     57838000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    421093000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    478931000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009694                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.488893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56871.189774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56108.327781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56199.366346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12336                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12336                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12336                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12336                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6187.059115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             132598                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             8522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            15.559493                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   981.246749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  5205.812366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.014973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.079434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.094407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8522                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1464                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6885                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.130035                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           141120                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          141120                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9014390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9014390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9014390                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9014390                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         246417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             246417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        246417                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            246417                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4175483000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4175483000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4175483000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4175483000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9260807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9260807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9260807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9260807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16944.784654                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16944.784654                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16944.784654                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16944.784654                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       246417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        246417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       246417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       246417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3682649000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3682649000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3682649000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3682649000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14944.784654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14944.784654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14944.784654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14944.784654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     246161                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9014390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9014390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        246417                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            246417                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4175483000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4175483000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9260807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9260807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.026609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16944.784654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16944.784654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       246417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       246417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3682649000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3682649000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.026609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14944.784654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14944.784654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.256058                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9260807                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                246417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 37.581851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.256058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9507224                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9507224                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8522                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8522                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        17044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        17044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  17044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       545408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       545408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  545408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8522000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           45139000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           65088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          480320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              545408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        65088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          65088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1017                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7505                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8522                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2311373                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           17056889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               19368262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2311373                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2311373                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2311373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          17056889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              19368262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1017.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7505.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                24276                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8522                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8522                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      52432500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    42610000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                212220000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6152.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 24902.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6997                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  82.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8522                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8522                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1525                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     357.644590                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    227.068043                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    333.600280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           408     26.75%     26.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          330     21.64%     48.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          313     20.52%     68.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           77      5.05%     73.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           72      4.72%     78.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           33      2.16%     80.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           48      3.15%     84.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           36      2.36%     86.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          208     13.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1525                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  545408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   545408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         19.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      19.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    28079438000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3294935.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        65088                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       480320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2311373.239725463558                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 17056889.050284761935                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1017                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7505                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     25974250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    186245750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25540.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24816.22                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     82.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6069000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3225750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             29830920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2222538240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1639614690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9432667200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13333945800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         473.508565                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24506642750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    940160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2713080250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4819500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2561625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             31016160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2222538240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1363697640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        9665018400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13289651565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         471.935610                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  25113389750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    940160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2106333250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2159744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2159744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2159773                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2159773                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          33961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              33961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         34039                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             34039                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    990885000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    990885000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    996645000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    996645000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2193705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2193705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2193812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2193812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29177.144371                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29177.144371                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29279.502923                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29279.502923                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           19697                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 19697                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         33961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        34039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    922963000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    922963000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    928567000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    928567000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27177.144371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27177.144371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27279.502923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27279.502923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      33783                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1326328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1326328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         15748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             15748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    286118000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    286118000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1342076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1342076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011734                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18168.529337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18168.529337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254622000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    254622000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16168.529337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16168.529337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         833416                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             833416                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        18213                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            18213                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    704767000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    704767000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       851629                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         851629                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021386                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.021386                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38695.821666                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38695.821666                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        18213                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    668341000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    668341000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021386                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021386                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36695.821666                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36695.821666                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            29                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                29                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              78                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5760000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          107                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           107                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.728972                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.728972                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5604000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.728972                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.728972                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71846.153846                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.041151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2193812                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 34039                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 64.449954                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.041151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2227851                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2227851                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          141506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              160194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         141506                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          18688                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             160194                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        104911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         15351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            120262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       104911                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           120262                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1421681000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    620656000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2042337000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1421681000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    620656000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2042337000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       246417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        34039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          280456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       246417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        34039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         280456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.428809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.428809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13551.305392                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40430.981695                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16982.396767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13551.305392                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40430.981695                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16982.396767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12336                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12336                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       104911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       120262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       104911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       120262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1211859000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    589954000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1801813000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1211859000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    589954000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1801813000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425746                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425746                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11551.305392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38430.981695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14982.396767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11551.305392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38430.981695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14982.396767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    128313                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         141506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          18688                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             160194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       104911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           120262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1421681000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    620656000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2042337000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       246417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        34039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         280456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.428809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 13551.305392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40430.981695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16982.396767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       104911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       120262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1211859000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    589954000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1801813000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.425746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 11551.305392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38430.981695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14982.396767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19697                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19697                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19697                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19697                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.488208                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 300153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               128825                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.329928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    95.185601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   207.759853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   207.542754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.185909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.405781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.405357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               428978                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              428978                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               280456                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              280456                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         19697                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        87775                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       492834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  580609                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3439104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     15770688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 19209792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy          1232085000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            378941000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           170195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28159883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  28159883000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
