
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3874693000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 105525                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34280460                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   199580                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              408852354                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000033                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1891410                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003875                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3874693000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            238611                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000033                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1891410                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      245397                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            52                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      142936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            64                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1298739                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           112                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3874682                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3874682                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1102429                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              577236                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       175136                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   7373                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          7373                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                11135                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5646                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       47413                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1884136                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1884136                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3636587                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1503064                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      245357                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        388279                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     142922                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  2746      0.15%      0.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1495081     79.04%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       33      0.00%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        98      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     128      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1860      0.10%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      270      0.01%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     1290      0.07%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1614      0.09%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   1      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  34      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  1      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   243786     12.89%     92.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  142442      7.53%     99.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                1571      0.08%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                480      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1891436                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         4692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            7705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4692                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3013                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           7705                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3092                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1579                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1513                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3092                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95121000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92106000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    187227000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95121000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92106000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    187227000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        10797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        10797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.251794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.334291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.286376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.251794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.334291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.286376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60241.291957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60876.404494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60552.069858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60241.291957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60876.404494                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60552.069858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91963000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     89080000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    181043000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91963000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     89080000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    181043000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.251794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.334291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.251794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.334291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58241.291957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58876.404494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58552.069858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58241.291957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58876.404494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58552.069858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           7705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3092                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95121000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92106000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    187227000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        10797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.251794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.334291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.286376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60241.291957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60876.404494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60552.069858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91963000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     89080000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    181043000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.251794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.334291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58241.291957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58876.404494                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58552.069858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874693000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1795.142188                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1100.759602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   694.382586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.016796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.010595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.027392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3092                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          872                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.047180                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            17358                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           17358                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874693000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1288946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1288946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1288946                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1288946                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           9793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               9793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          9793                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              9793                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    264097000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    264097000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    264097000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    264097000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1298739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1298739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1298739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1298739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26967.936281                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26967.936281                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26967.936281                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26967.936281                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    244511000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    244511000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    244511000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    244511000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24967.936281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24967.936281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24967.936281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24967.936281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       9538                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1288946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1288946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          9793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              9793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    264097000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    264097000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1298739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1298739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26967.936281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26967.936281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    244511000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    244511000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24967.936281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24967.936281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874693000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               248.101517                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1101115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  9538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                115.445062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   248.101517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.969147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.969147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1308532                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1308532                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874693000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3092                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3092                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         6184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         6184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       197888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       197888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  197888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3092000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           16491250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874693000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          101056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data           96832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              197888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       101056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         101056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1579                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3092                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           26081034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           24990883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               51071917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      26081034                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          26081034                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          26081034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          24990883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              51071917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1579.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1513.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000578500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 7178                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3092                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3092                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10                95                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      26184750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    15460000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 84159750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8468.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27218.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2198                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  71.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3092                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          894                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     221.351230                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    148.683755                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    235.311577                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           347     38.81%     38.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          275     30.76%     69.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          121     13.53%     83.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           49      5.48%     88.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           37      4.14%     92.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           16      1.79%     94.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.45%     94.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            3      0.34%     95.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           42      4.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           894                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  197888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   197888                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         51.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      51.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3824825000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1237006.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       101056                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data        96832                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 26081034.032889831811                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 24990883.148677844554                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1579                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1513                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     42486250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     41673500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26907.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27543.62                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     71.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2256240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1199220                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy              8746500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      305476080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         394250760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1155881760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1867810560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         482.053819                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3001187250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    129220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    744285750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4126920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2193510                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             13330380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      305476080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         634275480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         953755680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1913158050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         493.757325                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2473533500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    129220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1271939500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874693000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874693000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874693000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           375692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               375692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          378494                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              378494                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           9563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               9563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9813                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9813                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    248909000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    248909000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254424000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    254424000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       385255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           385255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       388307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          388307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.024823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26028.338388                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26028.338388                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25927.239376                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25927.239376                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            4714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  4714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    229785000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229785000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    234800000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    234800000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24028.547527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24028.547527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23927.443188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23927.443188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9556                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          235389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              235389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    159923000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    159923000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       242341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          242341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.028687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23003.883774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23003.883774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    146021000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146021000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21004.171461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21004.171461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         140303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             140303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     88986000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     88986000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       142914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         142914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34081.194944                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34081.194944                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     83764000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83764000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018270                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018270                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32081.194944                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32081.194944                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          2802                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              2802                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          250                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             250                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5515000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5515000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3052                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3052                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.081913                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.081913                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        22060                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        22060                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          250                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          250                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5015000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5015000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.081913                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081913                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        20060                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20060                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874693000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               237.320009                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  381224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 39.893679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   237.320009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.927031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.927031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                398119                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               398119                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874693000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874693000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874693000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                8808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3522                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5286                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               8808                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          6271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             10798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            10798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    173486000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    147918000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    321404000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    173486000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    147918000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    321404000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           19606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          19606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.550750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.550750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27664.806251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32674.618953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29765.141693                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27664.806251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32674.618953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29765.141693                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3469                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3469                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    160944000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    138866000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    299810000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    160944000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    138866000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    299810000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25664.806251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30675.060747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27765.326912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25664.806251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30675.060747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27765.326912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13558                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               8808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            10798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    173486000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    147918000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    321404000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          19606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.550750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27664.806251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32674.618953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29765.141693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    160944000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    138866000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    299810000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25664.806251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30675.060747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27765.326912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874693000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              494.084111                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  22559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.663888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    78.450212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   266.402933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   149.230966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.153223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.520318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.291467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.965008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                38390                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               38390                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874693000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                19606                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               19605                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          4714                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        24339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        19586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   43925                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       929664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       626752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1556416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            48965000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             43176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            49060000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874693000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874693000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3874693000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3874693000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7561824000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 118710                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34283872                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   204358                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    16.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              448771976                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000232                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3443427                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007562                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7561824000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            382111                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000232                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3443427                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      448689                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            58                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      319526                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            68                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2597892                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           122                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7561813                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7561813                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1852858                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1171713                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       281928                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  33358                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         33358                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                58285                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               27033                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       57029                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3413162                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3413162                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7007588                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2716839                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      448639                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        768151                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     319512                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  8006      0.23%      0.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2637186     76.59%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5270      0.15%     76.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        98      0.00%     76.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     462      0.01%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     5582      0.16%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      612      0.02%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4702      0.14%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    7659      0.22%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 737      0.02%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1884      0.05%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 180      0.01%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               2745      0.08%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                179      0.01%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   443926     12.89%     90.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  317958      9.23%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4713      0.14%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1554      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3443453                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    21                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         6579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           14468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6579                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7889                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          14468                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1736                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1921                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3657                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104631000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    115806000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    220437000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104631000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    115806000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    220437000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.208779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.195821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.201766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.208779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.195821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.201766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60271.313364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60284.226965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60278.096801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60271.313364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60284.226965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60278.096801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    101159000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    111964000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    213123000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    101159000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    111964000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    213123000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.208779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.195821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.201766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.208779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.195821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.201766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58271.313364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58284.226965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58278.096801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58271.313364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58284.226965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58278.096801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          14468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3657                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104631000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    115806000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    220437000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.208779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.195821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.201766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60271.313364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60284.226965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60278.096801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    101159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    111964000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    213123000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.208779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.195821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.201766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58271.313364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58284.226965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58278.096801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12629                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12629                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12629                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12629                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7561824000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2468.085669                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1360.905476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1107.180193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.020766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.016894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.037660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3657                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          310                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.055801                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            34411                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           34411                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7561824000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2583995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2583995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2583995                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2583995                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13897                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13897                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    343334000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    343334000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    343334000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    343334000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2597892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2597892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2597892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2597892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24705.619918                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24705.619918                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24705.619918                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24705.619918                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    315540000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    315540000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    315540000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    315540000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22705.619918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22705.619918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22705.619918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22705.619918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13641                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2583995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2583995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    343334000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    343334000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2597892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2597892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24705.619918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24705.619918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    315540000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    315540000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22705.619918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22705.619918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7561824000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.938779                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2317765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13641                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                169.911663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.938779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.984136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2611789                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2611789                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7561824000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3657                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3657                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         7314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         7314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   7314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       234048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       234048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  234048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3657000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           19483750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7561824000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          111104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          122944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              234048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       111104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         111104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1921                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3657                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           14692751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           16258511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               30951263                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      14692751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          14692751                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          14692751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          16258511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              30951263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1736.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1921.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000578500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9256                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3657                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3657                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10                95                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      29988500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    18285000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 98557250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8200.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26950.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2661                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  72.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3657                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          995                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     235.159799                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    154.296167                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    251.440249                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           381     38.29%     38.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          295     29.65%     67.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          131     13.17%     81.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           54      5.43%     86.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           46      4.62%     91.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           22      2.21%     93.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.50%     93.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.50%     94.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           56      5.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           995                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  234048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   234048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         30.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      30.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7560970000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2067533.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       111104                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       122944                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 14692751.378503387794                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 16258511.174023622647                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1736                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1921                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     46761500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     51795750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26936.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26962.91                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2456160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1305480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy              9838920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      596815440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         480163440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2499392640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3589972080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         474.749489                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6493183250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    252460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    816180750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4655280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2470545                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             16272060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      596815440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         783763110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2243729760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3647706195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         482.384435                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5825607500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    252460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1483756500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7561824000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7561824000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7561824000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           739532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               739532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          742801                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              742801                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          24941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              24941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         25388                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             25388                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    512036000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    512036000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    532232000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    532232000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       764473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           764473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       768189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          768189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.032625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.033049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20529.890542                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20529.890542                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20963.919962                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20963.919962                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16889                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16889                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         24941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    462154000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    462154000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    481458000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    481458000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18529.890542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18529.890542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18963.998740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18963.998740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      25131                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          425888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              425888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    360838000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    360838000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       444969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          444969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.042882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18910.853729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18910.853729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    322676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    322676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16910.853729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16910.853729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         313644                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             313644                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    151198000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    151198000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       319504                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         319504                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018341                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018341                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25801.706485                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25801.706485                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    139478000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    139478000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018341                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018341                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23801.706485                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23801.706485                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3269                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3269                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          447                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             447                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     20196000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     20196000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3716                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3716                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.120291                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.120291                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45181.208054                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45181.208054                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          447                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          447                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19304000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19304000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.120291                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120291                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43185.682327                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43185.682327                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7561824000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               246.428337                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  756063                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 25131                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 30.084875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.428337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.962611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.962611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                793576                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               793576                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7561824000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7561824000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7561824000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            5582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           15577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               21159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           5582                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          15577                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              21159                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          8315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          9811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18126                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    209254000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239494000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    448748000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    209254000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239494000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    448748000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        25388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           39285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        25388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          39285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.461397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.461397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25165.844859                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24410.763429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24757.144433                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25165.844859                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24410.763429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24757.144433                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12629                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12629                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192624000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    219874000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    412498000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192624000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    219874000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    412498000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23165.844859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22410.967282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22757.254772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23165.844859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22410.967282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22757.254772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     29344                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           5582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          15577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              21159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    209254000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239494000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    448748000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        25388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          39285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.461397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25165.844859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24410.763429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24757.144433                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    192624000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    219874000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    412498000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23165.844859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22410.967282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22757.254772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16889                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16889                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16889                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16889                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7561824000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              502.819864                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  50866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                29344                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.733438                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   122.553463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   209.210786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   171.055615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.239362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.408615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.334093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.982070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                86030                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               86030                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7561824000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                39285                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               39284                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16889                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        67664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        27794                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   95458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2705664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       889408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3595072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            69485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            123730000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           126935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7561824000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7561824000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7561824000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7561824000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11349361000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 120147                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34289752                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   211022                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    24.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              454499684                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000179                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5269452                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011349                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11349361000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            588354                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000179                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5269452                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      607029                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           130                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      403091                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           109                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3937659                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           158                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11349350                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11349350                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2827294                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1757744                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       424079                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 252624                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        252624                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               469113                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              218692                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       96701                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5075882                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5075882                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10091551                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4062619                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      606922                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1009998                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     403076                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  8366      0.16%      0.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4070388     77.24%     77.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    16972      0.32%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        98      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   11353      0.22%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    16328      0.31%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      630      0.01%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4950      0.09%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23221      0.44%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               30671      0.58%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               23879      0.45%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3059      0.06%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              47519      0.90%     80.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2058      0.04%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   574862     10.91%     91.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  387973      7.36%     99.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               32060      0.61%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              15103      0.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5269490                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    22                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         7135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        14074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           21209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7135                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        14074                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          21209                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2059                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6340                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8399                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123207000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    372281000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    495488000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123207000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    372281000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    495488000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        20414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        29608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        20414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        29608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.223950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.310571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.283673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.223950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.310571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.283673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59838.271005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58719.400631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58993.689725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59838.271005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58719.400631                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58993.689725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    119089000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    359601000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    478690000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    119089000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    359601000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    478690000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.223950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.310571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.223950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.310571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57838.271005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56719.400631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56993.689725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57838.271005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56719.400631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56993.689725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        14074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          21209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2059                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8399                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123207000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    372281000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    495488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        20414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        29608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.223950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.310571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.283673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59838.271005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58719.400631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58993.689725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    119089000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    359601000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    478690000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.223950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.310571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57838.271005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56719.400631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56993.689725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        17717                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        17717                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        17717                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17717                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11349361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3837.762803                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1554.804700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2282.958103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.023724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.034835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.058560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6669                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1472                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.128159                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            55724                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           55724                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11349361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3922836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3922836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3922836                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3922836                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          14823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              14823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         14823                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             14823                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    378727000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    378727000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    378727000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    378727000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3937659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3937659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3937659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3937659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25549.956149                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25549.956149                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25549.956149                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25549.956149                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    349081000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    349081000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    349081000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    349081000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23549.956149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23549.956149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23549.956149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23549.956149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      14567                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3922836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3922836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         14823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             14823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    378727000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    378727000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3937659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3937659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25549.956149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25549.956149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    349081000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    349081000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23549.956149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23549.956149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11349361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.294100                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2919664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 14567                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                200.430013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.294100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.989430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3952482                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3952482                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11349361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8399                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8399                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        16798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        16798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  16798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       537536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       537536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  537536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8399000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           44551000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11349361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          131776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          405760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              537536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       131776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         131776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2059                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           11610874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           35751793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               47362666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      11610874                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          11610874                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          11610874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          35751793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              47362666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2059.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6340.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000578500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                19712                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8399                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8399                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      58283750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    41995000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                215765000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6939.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25689.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6679                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8399                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8399                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1719                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     312.665503                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    201.054852                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    307.113467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           461     26.82%     26.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          522     30.37%     57.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          253     14.72%     71.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           99      5.76%     77.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           89      5.18%     82.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           76      4.42%     87.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      1.05%     88.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           14      0.81%     89.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          187     10.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1719                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  537536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   537536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         47.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      47.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11348282000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1351146.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       131776                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       405760                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 11610873.951405722648                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 35751792.545853458345                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2059                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6340                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     54574750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    161190250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26505.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25424.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5076540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2694450                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             28759920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      895530480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1339459530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3230188800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5501709720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         484.759426                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8384925250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    378820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2585615750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7204260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3829155                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             31208940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      895530480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1541037180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3060439200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5539249215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         488.067056                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7941737000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    378820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3028804000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11349361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11349361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11349361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           953349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               953349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          961719                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              961719                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          46900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              46900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         48363                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             48363                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1069883000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1069883000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1167187000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1167187000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1000249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1000249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1010082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1010082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.046888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.047880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22812.004264                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22812.004264                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24133.883341                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24133.883341                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           26809                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 26809                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         46900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        48363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    976085000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    976085000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1070463000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1070463000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20812.046908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20812.046908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22133.924694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22133.924694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      48106                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          564222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              564222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         32970                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             32970                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    713630000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    713630000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       597192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          597192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.055208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21644.828632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21644.828632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        32970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    647692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    647692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19644.889293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19644.889293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         389127                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             389127                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        13930                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            13930                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    356253000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    356253000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       403057                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         403057                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034561                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.034561                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25574.515434                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25574.515434                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    328393000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    328393000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034561                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034561                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23574.515434                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23574.515434                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97304000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     97304000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66509.911141                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66509.911141                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     94378000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94378000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64509.911141                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64509.911141                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11349361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               249.622616                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1007468                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 48106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 20.942668                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   249.622616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.975088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.975088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1058444                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1058444                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11349361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11349361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11349361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            5629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           27948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               33577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           5629                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          27948                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              33577                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         20415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             29609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9194                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        20415                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            29609                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    238611000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    624983000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    863594000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    238611000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    624983000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    863594000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        14823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        48363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           63186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        14823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        48363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          63186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.620252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.422120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.468601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.620252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.422120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.468601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25952.904068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30613.911340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29166.604749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25952.904068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30613.911340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29166.604749                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          17717                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                17717                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        29609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29609                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    220223000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    584155000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    804378000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    220223000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    584155000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    804378000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.620252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.422120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.468601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.620252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.422120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.468601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23952.904068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28614.009307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27166.672296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23952.904068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28614.009307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27166.672296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     43829                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           5629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          27948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              33577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        20415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            29609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    238611000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    624983000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    863594000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        14823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        48363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          63186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.620252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.422120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.468601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25952.904068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30613.911340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29166.604749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    220223000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    584155000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    804378000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.620252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.422120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.468601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23952.904068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28614.009307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27166.672296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        26809                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        26809                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        26809                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        26809                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11349361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.883482                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  89326                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                43829                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.038057                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    98.652781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   148.920388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   258.310313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.192681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.290860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.504512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.988054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          347                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               134336                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              134336                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11349361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                63186                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               63185                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         26809                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       123534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        29646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  153180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4810944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       948672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5759616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            74115000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            197231000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           241810000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11349361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11349361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11349361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11349361000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                14643656000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 122699                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34289884                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   219859                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    32.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              449185850                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000021                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7167481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.014644                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14643656000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            816256                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000021                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7167481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      798401                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           130                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      512807                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           115                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5203337                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           158                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         14643645                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   14643645                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3791873                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2314542                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       548379                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 252624                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        252624                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               469113                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              218692                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      160107                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6973913                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6973913                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13897875                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5623032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      798294                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1311086                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     512792                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  8367      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5667331     79.07%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    16972      0.24%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        98      0.00%     79.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   11353      0.16%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    16328      0.23%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      630      0.01%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4950      0.07%     79.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23221      0.32%     80.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               30671      0.43%     80.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               23879      0.33%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3059      0.04%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              47519      0.66%     81.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2058      0.03%     81.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   766234     10.69%     92.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  497689      6.94%     99.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               32060      0.45%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              15103      0.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7167522                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    22                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         7135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        21382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           28517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7135                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        21382                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          28517                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2066                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6578                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8644                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123627000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    386815000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    510442000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123627000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    386815000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    510442000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        27960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        37161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        27960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        37161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.224541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.235265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.232609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.224541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.235265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.232609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59838.818974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58804.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59051.596483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59838.818974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58804.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59051.596483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2066                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    119495000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    373659000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    493154000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    119495000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    373659000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    493154000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.224541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.235265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.224541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.235265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57838.818974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56804.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57051.596483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57838.818974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56804.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57051.596483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        21382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          28517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123627000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    386815000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    510442000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        27960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        37161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.224541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.235265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.232609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59838.818974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58804.347826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59051.596483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    119495000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    373659000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    493154000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.224541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.235265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57838.818974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56804.347826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57051.596483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19370                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19370                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19370                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19370                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4906.593555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1669.051279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3237.542276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.025468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.049401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.074869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8644                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5500                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.131897                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            65175                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           65175                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5188507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5188507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5188507                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5188507                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          14830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              14830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         14830                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             14830                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    379266000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    379266000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    379266000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    379266000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5203337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5203337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5203337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5203337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25574.241403                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25574.241403                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25574.241403                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25574.241403                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    349606000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    349606000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    349606000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    349606000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23574.241403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23574.241403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23574.241403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23574.241403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      14574                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5188507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5188507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         14830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             14830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    379266000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    379266000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5203337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5203337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25574.241403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25574.241403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    349606000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    349606000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23574.241403                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23574.241403                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.902830                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2923974                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 14574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                200.629477                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.902830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5218167                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5218167                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        17288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        17288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  17288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       553216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       553216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  553216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8644000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           45866250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          132224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          420992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              553216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       132224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         132224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2066                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6578                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            9029439                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           28749105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               37778544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       9029439                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           9029439                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           9029439                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          28749105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              37778544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2066.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6578.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000578500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                21048                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8644                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8644                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      60468750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    43220000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                222543750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6995.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25745.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6805                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  78.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8644                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1839                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     300.824361                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    194.833242                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    300.475661                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           481     26.16%     26.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          621     33.77%     59.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          254     13.81%     73.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           99      5.38%     79.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           89      4.84%     83.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           76      4.13%     88.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      0.98%     89.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           14      0.76%     89.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          187     10.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1839                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  553216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   553216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         37.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      37.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12938987000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1496874.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       132224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       420992                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 9029439.096356811002                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 28749104.731769170612                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2066                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6578                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     54761000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    167782750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26505.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25506.65                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     78.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5819100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3092925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             30295020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1155523200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1649454600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4234149600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7078334445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         483.372079                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10992123500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    488800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3162732500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7311360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3886080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             31423140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1155523200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1620829770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4258254720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7077228270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         483.296539                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11055031000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    488800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3099825000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1245513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1245513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1253883                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1253883                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          55821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              55821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         57284                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             57284                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1247957000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1247957000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1345261000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1345261000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1301334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1301334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1311167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1311167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.042895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.043689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22356.407087                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22356.407087                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23484.061867                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23484.061867                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           28919                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 28919                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         55821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        57284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1136317000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1136317000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1230695000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1230695000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20356.442916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20356.442916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21484.096781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21484.096781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      57027                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          747232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              747232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         41332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             41332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    868225000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    868225000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       788564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          788564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.052414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21006.121165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21006.121165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    785563000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    785563000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19006.169554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19006.169554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         498281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             498281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        14489                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            14489                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    379732000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    379732000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       512770                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         512770                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028256                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.028256                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26208.295949                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26208.295949                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    350754000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    350754000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028256                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028256                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24208.295949                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24208.295949                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97304000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     97304000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66509.911141                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66509.911141                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     94378000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94378000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64509.911141                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64509.911141                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.057298                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1308104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 57027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.938327                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.057298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.980693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.980693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1368450                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1368450                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            5629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           29323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               34952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           5629                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          29323                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              34952                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         27961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             37162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9201                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        27961                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            37162                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    239108000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    737139000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    976247000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    239108000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    737139000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    976247000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        14830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        57284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           72114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        14830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        57284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          72114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.620432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.488112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.515323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.620432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.488112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.515323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25987.175307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26363.112907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26270.033906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25987.175307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26363.112907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26270.033906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          19370                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                19370                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        37162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    220706000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    681219000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    901925000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    220706000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    681219000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    901925000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.620432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.488112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.515323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.620432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.488112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.515323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23987.175307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24363.184435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24270.087724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23987.175307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24363.184435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24270.087724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     52394                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           5629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          29323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              34952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        27961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            37162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    239108000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    737139000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    976247000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        14830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        57284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          72114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.620432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.488112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.515323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25987.175307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26363.112907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26270.033906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    220706000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    681219000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    901925000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.620432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.488112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.515323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23987.175307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24363.184435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24270.087724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        28919                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        28919                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        28919                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        28919                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.259478                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 100406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                52394                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.916364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    90.174205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   115.532630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   301.552643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.176121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.225650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.588970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.990741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          308                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               153939                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              153939                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                72114                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               72113                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         28919                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       143486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        29660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  173146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5516928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       949120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6466048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            74150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            216709000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           286415000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14643656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  14643656000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17890351000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 128067                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34289884                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   231337                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    39.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              457973929                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5002786                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9036957                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017890                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17890351000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1038286                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5002786                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9036957                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      993993                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           130                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      621014                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           115                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6478614                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           158                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17890340                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17890340                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4755637                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2855092                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       669112                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 252624                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        252624                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               469113                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              218692                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      224979                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8843388                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8843388                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17694426                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7162270                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      993886                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1614885                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     620999                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  8368      0.09%      0.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7233007     80.04%     80.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    16972      0.19%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        98      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   11353      0.13%     80.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     80.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    16328      0.18%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      630      0.01%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4950      0.05%     80.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23221      0.26%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               30671      0.34%     81.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               23879      0.26%     81.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3059      0.03%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              47519      0.53%     82.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2058      0.02%     82.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     82.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     82.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     82.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     82.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     82.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     82.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     82.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     82.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     82.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     82.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     82.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     82.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     82.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     82.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   961826     10.64%     92.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  605896      6.70%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               32060      0.35%     99.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              15103      0.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9036998                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    22                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         7135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        24686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           31821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7135                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        24686                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          31821                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2067                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6578                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8645                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123693000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    386815000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    510508000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123693000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    386815000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    510508000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        31264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        40466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        31264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        40466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.224625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.210402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.213636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.224625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.210402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.213636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59841.799710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58804.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59052.400231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59841.799710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58804.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59052.400231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    119559000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    373659000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    493218000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    119559000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    373659000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    493218000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.224625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.210402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.213636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.224625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.210402                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.213636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57841.799710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56804.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57052.400231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57841.799710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56804.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57052.400231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        24686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          31821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123693000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    386815000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    510508000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        31264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        40466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.224625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.210402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.213636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59841.799710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58804.347826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59052.400231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    119559000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    373659000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    493218000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.224625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.210402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.213636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57841.799710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56804.347826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57052.400231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        21147                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        21147                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        21147                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21147                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17890351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5584.991085                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1741.231111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3843.759974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.026569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.058651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.085220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8645                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4567                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4078                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.131912                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            70258                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           70258                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17890351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6463783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6463783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6463783                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6463783                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          14831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              14831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         14831                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             14831                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    379349000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    379349000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    379349000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    379349000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6478614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6478614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6478614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6478614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25578.113411                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25578.113411                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25578.113411                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25578.113411                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    349687000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    349687000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    349687000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    349687000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23578.113411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23578.113411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23578.113411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23578.113411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      14575                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6463783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6463783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         14831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             14831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    379349000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    379349000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6478614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6478614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25578.113411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25578.113411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    349687000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    349687000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23578.113411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23578.113411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17890351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.283419                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2924054                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 14575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                200.621201                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.283419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6493445                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6493445                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17890351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8645                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8645                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        17290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        17290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  17290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       553280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       553280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  553280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8645000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           45871750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17890351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          132288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          420992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              553280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       132288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         132288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2067                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6578                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8645                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7394377                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           23531791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               30926168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7394377                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7394377                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7394377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          23531791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              30926168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2067.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6578.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000578500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                21884                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8645                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8645                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      60482500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    43225000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                222576250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6996.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25746.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6805                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  78.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8645                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1840                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     300.695652                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    194.715397                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    300.444685                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           482     26.20%     26.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          621     33.75%     59.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          254     13.80%     73.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           99      5.38%     79.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           89      4.84%     83.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           76      4.13%     88.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      0.98%     89.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           14      0.76%     89.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          187     10.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1840                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  553280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   553280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         30.93                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      30.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15339167000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1774339.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       132288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       420992                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7394377.002441149205                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 23531790.963743530214                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2067                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6578                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     54793500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    167782750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26508.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25506.65                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     78.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5819100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3092925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             30295020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1411828080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1696279530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5441448960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8588763615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         480.077983                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14130398500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    597220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3162732500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7318500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3889875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             31430280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1411828080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1671083250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5462666880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8588216865                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         480.047421                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14185773500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    597220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3107357500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17890351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17890351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17890351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1543530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1543530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1551900                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1551900                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          61603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              61603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         63066                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             63066                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1347979000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1347979000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1445283000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1445283000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1605133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1605133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1614966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1614966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.039051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21881.710306                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21881.710306                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22916.991723                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22916.991723                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           31064                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 31064                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        61603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         61603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        63066                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63066                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1224775000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1224775000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1319153000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1319153000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19881.742772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19881.742772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20917.023436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20917.023436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      62809                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          937786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              937786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         46370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             46370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    956995000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    956995000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       984156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          984156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.047117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20638.235928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20638.235928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    864257000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    864257000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18638.279060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18638.279060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         605744                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             605744                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        15233                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            15233                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    390984000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    390984000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       620977                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         620977                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.024531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25666.907372                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25666.907372                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        15233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    360518000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    360518000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024531                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024531                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23666.907372                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23666.907372                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97304000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     97304000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66509.911141                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66509.911141                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     94378000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94378000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64509.911141                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64509.911141                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17890351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.954287                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1580013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 62809                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.155838                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.954287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.984196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1678031                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1678031                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17890351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17890351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17890351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            5629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           31801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               37430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           5629                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          31801                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              37430                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         31265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             40467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9202                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        31265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            40467                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    239185000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    780091000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1019276000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    239185000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    780091000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1019276000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        14831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        63066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           77897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        14831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        63066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          77897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.620457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.519494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.620457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.519494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25992.718974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24950.935551                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25187.832061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25992.718974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24950.935551                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25187.832061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          21147                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                21147                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    220781000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    717563000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    938344000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    220781000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    717563000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    938344000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.620457                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.620457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23992.718974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22950.999520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23187.881484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23992.718974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22950.999520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23187.881484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     57309                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           5629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          31801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              37430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        31265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            40467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    239185000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    780091000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1019276000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        14831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        63066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          77897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.620457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.519494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25992.718974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24950.935551                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25187.832061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    220781000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    717563000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    938344000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.620457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23992.718974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22950.999520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23187.881484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        31064                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        31064                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        31064                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        31064                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17890351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.119776                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 107692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                57309                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.879146                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    93.389586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    94.578266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   320.151925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.182402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.184723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.625297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               166782                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              166782                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17890351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                77897                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               77896                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         31064                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       157195                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        29662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  186857                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6024256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       949184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6973440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            74155000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            233217000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           315325000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17890351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17890351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17890351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17890351000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21073613000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 135859                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34289884                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   246693                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    44.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              477166818                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000036                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10894950                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021074                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21073613000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1259240                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000036                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10894950                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1188514                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           130                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      728258                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           115                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7746826                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           158                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21073602                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21073602                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5716195                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3393356                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       789364                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 252624                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        252624                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               469113                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              218692                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      289461                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10701381                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10701381                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21467660                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8692065                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1188407                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1916650                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     728243                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  8368      0.08%      0.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8789235     80.67%     80.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    16972      0.16%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        98      0.00%     80.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   11353      0.10%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    16328      0.15%     81.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      630      0.01%     81.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4950      0.05%     81.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23221      0.21%     81.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               30671      0.28%     81.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               23879      0.22%     81.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3059      0.03%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              47519      0.44%     82.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2058      0.02%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1156347     10.61%     93.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  713140      6.55%     99.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               32060      0.29%     99.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              15103      0.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   10894991                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    22                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         7135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        26106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           33241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7135                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        26106                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          33241                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2067                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6578                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8645                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123693000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    386815000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    510508000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123693000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    386815000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    510508000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        32684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        41886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        32684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        41886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.224625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.201261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.206394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.224625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.201261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.206394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59841.799710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58804.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59052.400231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59841.799710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58804.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59052.400231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    119559000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    373659000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    493218000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    119559000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    373659000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    493218000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.224625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.201261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.206394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.224625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.201261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.206394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57841.799710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56804.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57052.400231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57841.799710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56804.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57052.400231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        26106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          33241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123693000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    386815000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    510508000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        32684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        41886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.224625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.201261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.206394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59841.799710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58804.347826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59052.400231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    119559000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    373659000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    493218000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.224625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.201261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.206394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57841.799710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56804.347826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57052.400231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        21458                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        21458                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        21458                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21458                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21073613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6047.218900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1790.439936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4256.778964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.027320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.064953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.092273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8645                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.131912                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            71989                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           71989                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21073613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7731995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7731995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7731995                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7731995                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          14831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              14831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         14831                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             14831                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    379349000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    379349000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    379349000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    379349000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7746826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7746826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7746826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7746826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.001914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.001914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25578.113411                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25578.113411                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25578.113411                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25578.113411                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    349687000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    349687000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    349687000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    349687000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23578.113411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23578.113411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23578.113411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23578.113411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      14575                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7731995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7731995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         14831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             14831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    379349000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    379349000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7746826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7746826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.001914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25578.113411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25578.113411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    349687000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    349687000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23578.113411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23578.113411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21073613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.542716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2924054                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 14575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                200.621201                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.542716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7761657                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7761657                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21073613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8645                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8645                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        17290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        17290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  17290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       553280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       553280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  553280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8645000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           45871750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21073613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          132288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          420992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              553280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       132288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         132288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2067                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6578                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8645                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            6277424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           19977210                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               26254634                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       6277424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           6277424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           6277424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          19977210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              26254634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2067.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6578.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000578500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                22702                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8645                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8645                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      60482500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    43225000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                222576250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6996.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25746.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6805                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  78.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8645                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1840                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     300.695652                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    194.715397                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    300.444685                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           482     26.20%     26.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          621     33.75%     59.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          254     13.80%     73.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           99      5.38%     79.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           89      4.84%     83.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           76      4.13%     88.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      0.98%     89.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           14      0.76%     89.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          187     10.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1840                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  553280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   553280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         26.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      26.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15339167000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1774339.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       132288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       420992                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 6277423.809576459229                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 19977210.362551499158                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2067                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6578                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     54793500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    167782750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26508.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25506.65                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     78.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5819100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3092925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             30295020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1663215840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1742206140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6625146720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10069775745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         477.838126                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17207320500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    703560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3162732500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7318500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3889875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             31430280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1663215840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1717009860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6646364640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10069228995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         477.812181                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17262695500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    703560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3107357500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21073613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21073613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21073613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1842401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1842401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1850771                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1850771                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          64497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              64497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         65960                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             65960                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1397075000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1397075000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1494379000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1494379000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1906898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1906898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1916731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1916731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.033823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21661.085012                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21661.085012                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22655.836871                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22655.836871                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           31842                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 31842                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        64497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         64497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        65960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        65960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1268083000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1268083000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1362461000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1362461000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19661.116021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19661.116021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20655.867192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20655.867192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      65703                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1129529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1129529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         49148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             49148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1004347000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1004347000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1178677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1178677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.041698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20435.155042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20435.155042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        49148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    906053000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    906053000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18435.195735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18435.195735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         712872                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             712872                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        15349                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            15349                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    392728000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    392728000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       728221                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         728221                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.021077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25586.552870                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25586.552870                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15349                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        15349                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    362030000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    362030000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021077                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021077                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23586.552870                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23586.552870                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97304000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     97304000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66509.911141                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66509.911141                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     94378000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94378000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64509.911141                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64509.911141                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21073613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.565410                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1866589                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 65703                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 28.409494                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.565410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.986584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.986584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1982690                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1982690                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21073613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21073613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21073613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            5629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           33275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               38904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           5629                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          33275                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              38904                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         32685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             41887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9202                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        32685                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            41887                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    239185000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    798551000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1037736000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    239185000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    798551000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1037736000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        14831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        65960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           80791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        14831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        65960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          80791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.620457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.518461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.620457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.518461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25992.718974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24431.727092                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24774.655621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25992.718974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24431.727092                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24774.655621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          21458                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                21458                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32685                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    220781000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    733183000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    953964000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    220781000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    733183000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    953964000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.620457                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.620457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23992.718974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22431.788282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22774.703369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23992.718974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22431.788282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22774.703369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     58895                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           5629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          33275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              38904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        32685                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            41887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    239185000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    798551000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1037736000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        14831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        65960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          80791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.620457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.518461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25992.718974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24431.727092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24774.655621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    220781000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    733183000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    953964000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.620457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23992.718974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22431.788282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22774.703369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        31842                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        31842                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        31842                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        31842                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21073613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.705901                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 111065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                58895                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.885814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    91.194323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    80.291802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   337.219775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.178114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.156820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.658632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          332                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               172040                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              172040                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21073613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                80791                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               80790                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         31842                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       163761                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        29662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  193423                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6259264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       949184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7208448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            74155000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            240001000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           329795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21073613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21073613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21073613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21073613000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24265344000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 138744                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34289884                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   252873                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    50.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              480950871                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12758127                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024265                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24265344000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1480710                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12758127                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1383626                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           130                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      835979                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           115                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9019114                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           158                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24265344                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24265344                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6678663                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3932872                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       909865                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 252624                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        252624                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               469113                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              218692                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      354115                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12564558                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12564558                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25251769                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10226051                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1383520                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2219484                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     835964                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  8368      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10349578     81.12%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    16972      0.13%     81.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        98      0.00%     81.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   11353      0.09%     81.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    16328      0.13%     81.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      630      0.00%     81.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4950      0.04%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23221      0.18%     81.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               30671      0.24%     82.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     82.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     82.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               23879      0.19%     82.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3059      0.02%     82.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              47519      0.37%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2058      0.02%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     82.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1351460     10.59%     93.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  820861      6.43%     99.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               32060      0.25%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              15103      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12758168                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    22                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         7135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        27511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           34646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7135                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        27511                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          34646                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2067                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6578                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8645                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123693000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    386815000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    510508000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123693000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    386815000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    510508000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        34089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        43291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        34089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        43291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.224625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.192965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.199695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.224625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.192965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.199695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59841.799710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58804.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59052.400231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59841.799710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58804.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59052.400231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    119559000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    373659000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    493218000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    119559000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    373659000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    493218000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.224625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.192965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.199695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.224625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.192965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.199695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57841.799710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56804.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57052.400231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57841.799710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56804.347826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57052.400231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        27511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          34646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123693000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    386815000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    510508000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        34089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        43291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.224625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.192965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.199695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59841.799710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58804.347826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59052.400231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    119559000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    373659000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    493218000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.224625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.192965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.199695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57841.799710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56804.347826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57052.400231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        21876                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        21876                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        21876                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21876                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24265344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6388.916857                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              65167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             8645                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             7.538115                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1826.817138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4562.099719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.027875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.069612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.097487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8645                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8644                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.131912                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            73812                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           73812                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24265344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9004283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9004283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9004283                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9004283                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          14831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              14831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         14831                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             14831                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    379349000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    379349000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    379349000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    379349000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9019114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9019114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9019114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9019114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.001644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.001644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25578.113411                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25578.113411                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25578.113411                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25578.113411                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    349687000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    349687000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    349687000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    349687000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23578.113411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23578.113411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23578.113411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23578.113411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      14575                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9004283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9004283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         14831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             14831                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    379349000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    379349000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9019114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9019114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.001644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25578.113411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25578.113411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    349687000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    349687000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23578.113411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23578.113411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24265344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.734399                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9019114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 14831                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                608.125818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.734399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9033945                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9033945                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24265344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8645                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8645                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        17290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        17290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  17290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       553280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       553280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  553280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8645000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           45871750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24265344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          132288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          420992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              553280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       132288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         132288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2067                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6578                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8645                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            5451726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           17349517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               22801243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       5451726                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           5451726                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           5451726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          17349517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              22801243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2067.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6578.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000578500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                23522                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8645                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8645                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      60482500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    43225000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                222576250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6996.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25746.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6805                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  78.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8645                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1840                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     300.695652                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    194.715397                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    300.444685                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           482     26.20%     26.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          621     33.75%     59.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          254     13.80%     73.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           99      5.38%     79.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           89      4.84%     83.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           76      4.13%     88.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           18      0.98%     89.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           14      0.76%     89.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          187     10.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1840                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  553280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   553280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         22.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      22.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15339167000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1774339.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       132288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       420992                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 5451725.720434871502                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 17349517.072578899562                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2067                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6578                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     54793500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    167782750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26508.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25506.65                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     78.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5819100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3092925                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             30295020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1915218240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1788245040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7812001920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11554672245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         476.180030                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  20292451500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    810160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3162732500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7318500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3889875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             31430280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1915218240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1763048760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7833219840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11554125495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         476.157498                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  20347826500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    810160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3107357500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24265344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24265344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24265344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2142475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2142475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2150845                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2150845                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          67256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              67256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         68719                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             68719                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1444095000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1444095000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1541399000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1541399000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2209731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2209731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2219564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2219564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.030436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.030961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21471.615915                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21471.615915                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22430.463191                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22430.463191                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           32574                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 32574                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        67256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         67256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        68719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1309583000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1309583000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1403961000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1403961000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19471.615915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19471.615915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20430.463191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20430.463191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      68463                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1322010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1322010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         51779                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             51779                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1049415000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1049415000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1373789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1373789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.037691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20267.193264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20267.193264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    945857000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    945857000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18267.193264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18267.193264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         820465                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             820465                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        15477                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            15477                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    394680000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    394680000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       835942                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         835942                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018514                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018514                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25501.066098                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25501.066098                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15477                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        15477                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363726000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    363726000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018514                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018514                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23501.066098                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23501.066098                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97304000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     97304000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66509.911141                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66509.911141                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     94378000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94378000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64509.911141                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64509.911141                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24265344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.017177                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2219564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 68719                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 32.299131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.017177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.988348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.988348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2288283                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2288283                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24265344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24265344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24265344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            5629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           34630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               40259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           5629                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          34630                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              40259                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          9202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         34089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             43291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9202                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34089                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            43291                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    239185000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    816816000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1056001000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    239185000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    816816000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1056001000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        14831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        68719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           83550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        14831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        68719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          83550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.620457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.518145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.620457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.518145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25992.718974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23961.277832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24393.084013                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25992.718974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23961.277832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24393.084013                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          21876                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                21876                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    220781000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    748638000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    969419000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    220781000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    748638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    969419000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.620457                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518145                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.620457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518145                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23992.718974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21961.277832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22393.084013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23992.718974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21961.277832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22393.084013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     60672                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           5629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          34630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              40259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            43291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    239185000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    816816000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1056001000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        14831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        68719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          83550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.620457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.518145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25992.718974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23961.277832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24393.084013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    220781000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    748638000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    969419000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.620457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.496064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.518145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23992.718974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21961.277832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22393.084013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        32574                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        32574                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        32574                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        32574                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24265344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.139189                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 116124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                61184                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.897947                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    85.391936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    69.730657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   354.016596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.166781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.136193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.691439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          342                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               177308                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              177308                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24265344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                83550                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               83550                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         32574                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       170012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        29662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  199674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6482752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       949184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7431936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            74155000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            246420000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           343595000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24265344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24265344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24265344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24265344000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
