
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 5197269000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  89827                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34261720                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   162087                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    11.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              466842627                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1804475                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.005197                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  5197269000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            205593                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1804475                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      210775                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           104                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      156157                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           132                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1332480                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1110                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          5197258                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    5197258                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1099309                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              688280                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       162376                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  25985                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         25985                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                33304                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               10256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       26893                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1784264                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1784264                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3577239                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1465055                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      210660                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        366815                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     156155                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 10803      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1398688     77.51%     78.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1046      0.06%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     17600      0.98%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     477      0.03%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        8      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     2091      0.12%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     1832      0.10%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    5173      0.29%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      3      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   208987     11.58%     91.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  142260      7.88%     99.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                1673      0.09%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              13895      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1804536                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    44                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        24245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           29465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        24245                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5220                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          29465                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         7581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         12821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7581                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5240                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        12821                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    479662000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    321388000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    801050000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    479662000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    321388000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    801050000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        31826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        42286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        31826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        42286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.238201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.303197                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.238201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.303197                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63271.600053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61333.587786                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62479.525778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63271.600053                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61333.587786                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62479.525778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2345                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2345                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        12821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        12821                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    464500000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    310908000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    775408000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    464500000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    310908000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    775408000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.238201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.238201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61271.600053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59333.587786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60479.525778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61271.600053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59333.587786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60479.525778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 10045                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        24245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          29465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        12821                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    479662000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    321388000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    801050000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        31826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        42286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.238201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.303197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63271.600053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61333.587786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62479.525778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    464500000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    310908000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    775408000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.238201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61271.600053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59333.587786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60479.525778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7570                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7570                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7570                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7570                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5197269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2758.574437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              29659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            10045                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.952613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   125.273999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1017.294642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1616.005796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.030584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.248363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.394533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.673480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3854                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          820                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2912                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.940918                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            63755                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           63755                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5197269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1290556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1290556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1290556                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1290556                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          41924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              41924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         41924                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             41924                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1222102000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1222102000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1222102000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1222102000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1332480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1332480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29150.415037                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29150.415037                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29150.415037                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29150.415037                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         41924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1138256000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1138256000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1138256000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1138256000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27150.462742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27150.462742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27150.462742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27150.462742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      41667                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1290556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1290556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         41924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             41924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1222102000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1222102000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1332480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.031463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29150.415037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29150.415037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1138256000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1138256000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27150.462742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27150.462742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5197269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.066368                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1322210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 41667                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 31.732786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.066368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.980728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.980728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1374403                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1374403                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5197269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               12821                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              12821                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2345                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        27987                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        27987                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  27987                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       970624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       970624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  970624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            24546000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           68867250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5197269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          485184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          335360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              820544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       485184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         485184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       150080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           150080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7581                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                12821                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2345                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2345                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           93353644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           64526196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              157879840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      93353644                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          93353644                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        28876704                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              28876704                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        28876704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          93353644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          64526196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             186756545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2214.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7581.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5021.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002300328500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           128                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           128                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                28813                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2065                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        12821                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2345                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      12821                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2345                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     219                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    131                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     139089000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    63010000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                375376500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11037.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29787.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7637                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1578                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 71.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  12821                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2345                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    12597                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5576                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     169.767575                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    120.779848                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    185.331359                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2680     48.06%     48.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1815     32.55%     80.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          533      9.56%     90.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          209      3.75%     93.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          113      2.03%     95.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           55      0.99%     96.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           32      0.57%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           22      0.39%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          117      2.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5576                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          128                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       98.171875                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      63.357839                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     182.993056                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              74     57.81%     57.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            37     28.91%     86.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           12      9.38%     96.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.78%     96.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.78%     97.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            1      0.78%     98.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.78%     99.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.78%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            128                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          128                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.117188                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.088369                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.993055                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                55     42.97%     42.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 4      3.12%     46.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                68     53.12%     99.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.78%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            128                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  806528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    14016                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   140224                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   820544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                150080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        155.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         26.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     157.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      28.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     5195069000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      342547.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       485184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       321344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       140224                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 93353644.000339403749                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 61829395.399776302278                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 26980323.704622562975                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7581                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5240                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2345                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    226606000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    148770500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 116930685000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29891.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28391.32                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  49863831.56                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     62.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              22840860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              12136410                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             48337800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             5366160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      409964880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1925152200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         374570880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2798369190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         538.430701                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    952678750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    173420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4071170250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              16986060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               9024510                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             41640480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             6070860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      409964880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1490009640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         741006720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2714703150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         522.332623                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1911839250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    173420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3112009750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5197269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5197269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5197269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           349620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               349620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          350169                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              350169                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          16420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              16420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         16702                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             16702                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    583289000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    583289000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    603460000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    603460000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       366040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           366040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       366871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          366871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.044858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.045526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35523.081608                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35523.081608                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36131.002275                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36131.002275                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9112                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9112                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         16420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    550449000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    550449000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    570056000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    570056000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33523.081608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33523.081608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34131.002275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34131.002275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      16446                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          198908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              198908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         11036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             11036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    298137000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    298137000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       209944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          209944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.052566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27014.951069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27014.951069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    276065000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    276065000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25014.951069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25014.951069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         150712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             150712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    285152000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    285152000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       156096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         156096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034492                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.034492                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52962.852897                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52962.852897                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274384000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    274384000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034492                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034492                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50962.852897                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50962.852897                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           549                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               549                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     20171000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     20171000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.339350                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.339350                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71528.368794                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71528.368794                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19607000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19607000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.339350                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339350                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69528.368794                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69528.368794                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5197269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.945387                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  359411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 16446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.854007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.945387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                383573                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               383573                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5197269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5197269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5197269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           10097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          10097                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6242                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16339                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         31827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             42287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            42287                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    878238000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    446888000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1325126000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    878238000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    446888000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1325126000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           58626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          58626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.721301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.721301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27594.118202                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42723.518164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31336.486391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27594.118202                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42723.518164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31336.486391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7570                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7570                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        42287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    814586000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    425968000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1240554000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    814586000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    425968000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1240554000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25594.181041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40723.518164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29336.533686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25594.181041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40723.518164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29336.533686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     47472                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          10097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            42287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    878238000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    446888000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1325126000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          58626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.721301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27594.118202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42723.518164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31336.486391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    814586000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    425968000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1240554000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25594.181041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40723.518164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29336.533686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5197269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.842572                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  66860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                47472                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.408409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    96.045148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   230.836772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   179.960652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.187588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.450853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.351486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.989927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               115722                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              115722                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5197269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                58626                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               58625                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9112                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        83847                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  126363                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1652096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2683072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4335168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           209615000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            104186000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            83510000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5197269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5197269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   5197269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   5197269000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                10856272000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  92273                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34292920                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   168757                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    21.68                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              500864355                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3657819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.010856                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10856272000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            427740                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3657819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      452187                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           393                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      313257                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           174                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2688069                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          3982                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         10856261                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   10856261                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2221688                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1331575                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       334624                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  41741                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         41741                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                52406                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               16118                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       55155                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3625523                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3625523                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7204384                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2941682                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      452058                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        765311                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     313253                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 16604      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2835621     77.52%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2469      0.07%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     23291      0.64%     78.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     843      0.02%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       10      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     2949      0.08%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2506      0.07%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    8257      0.23%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      4      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   3      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  22      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  3      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   449316     12.28%     91.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  290137      7.93%     99.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2742      0.07%     99.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              23116      0.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3657894                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    69                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        50253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        13626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           63879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        50253                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        13626                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          63879                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        18789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         9713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         28502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        18789                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9713                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        28502                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1192540000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    610758000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1803298000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1192540000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    610758000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1803298000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        92381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        92381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.272139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.416170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.308527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.272139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.416170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.308527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63470.115493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62880.469474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63269.174093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63470.115493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62880.469474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63269.174093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         6430                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             6430                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        28502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        28502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1154962000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    591332000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1746294000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1154962000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    591332000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1746294000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.272139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.416170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.272139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.416170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61470.115493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60880.469474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61269.174093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61470.115493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60880.469474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61269.174093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 28051                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        50253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        13626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          63879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        18789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9713                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        28502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1192540000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    610758000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1803298000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        92381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.272139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.416170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.308527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63470.115493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62880.469474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63269.174093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1154962000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    591332000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1746294000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.272139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.416170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61470.115493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60880.469474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61269.174093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15888                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15888                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15888                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15888                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10856272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3381.252811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              80191                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            28051                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.858757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   154.915865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1575.325645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1651.011301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.037821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.384601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.403079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.825501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4003                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          670                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2872                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          243                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.977295                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           140323                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          140323                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10856272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2599370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2599370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2599370                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2599370                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          88699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              88699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         88699                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             88699                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2765261000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2765261000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2765261000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2765261000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2688069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2688069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2688069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2688069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.032997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.032997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31175.785522                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31175.785522                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31175.785522                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31175.785522                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         88699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        88699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2587863000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2587863000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2587863000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2587863000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29175.785522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29175.785522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29175.785522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29175.785522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      88443                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2599370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2599370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         88699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             88699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2765261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2765261000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2688069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2688069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31175.785522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31175.785522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        88699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2587863000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2587863000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29175.785522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29175.785522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10856272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.638101                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2665841                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 88443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 30.141911                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.638101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2776768                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2776768                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10856272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               28502                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              28502                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        63434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        63434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  63434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2235648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2235648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2235648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            60652000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          153360500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10856272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1202496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          621632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1824128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1202496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1202496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       411520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           411520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            18789                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             9713                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                28502                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6430                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6430                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          110765095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           57260172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              168025267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     110765095                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         110765095                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        37906198                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              37906198                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        37906198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         110765095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          57260172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             205931465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5881.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     18789.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      9180.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002300328500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           341                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           341                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                64973                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5524                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        28502                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6430                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      28502                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6430                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     533                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    549                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              4259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              3186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     332750500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   139845000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                857169250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11897.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30647.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     16061                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4196                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  57.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 71.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  28502                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6430                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    27964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        13564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     159.485697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    116.466778                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    165.669029                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6777     49.96%     49.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4263     31.43%     81.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1297      9.56%     90.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          534      3.94%     94.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          274      2.02%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          137      1.01%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           81      0.60%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           38      0.28%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          163      1.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         13564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          341                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       81.988270                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      63.886587                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     116.290735                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             177     51.91%     51.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           134     39.30%     91.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           21      6.16%     97.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            4      1.17%     98.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.29%     98.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.29%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            1      0.29%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.29%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            341                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          341                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.175953                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.147161                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.990310                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               137     40.18%     40.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                12      3.52%     43.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               187     54.84%     98.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      1.47%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            341                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1790016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    34112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   374848                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1824128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                411520                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        164.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         34.53                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     168.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      37.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    10856148000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      310779.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1202496                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       587520                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       374848                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 110765095.052887395024                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 54118025.045798406005                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 34528243.212771378458                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        18789                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         9713                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6430                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    565399000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    291770250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 254116297000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30092.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30039.15                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  39520419.44                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     59.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              55256460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              29361915                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            107899680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            18243900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      856808160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4053543030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         755298720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5876411865                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         541.291879                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1922824500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    362440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8571007500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              41626200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              22113465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             91798980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            12329640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      856808160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3551665440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1177932480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5754274365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         530.041470                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3028448500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    362440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7465383500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10856272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10856272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10856272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           726172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               726172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          727499                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              727499                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          37349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              37349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         37870                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             37870                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1227768000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1227768000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1253216000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1253216000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       763521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           763521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       765369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          765369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.048917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.049479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32872.848001                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32872.848001                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33092.579879                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33092.579879                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           19247                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 19247                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1153070000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1153070000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1177478000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1177478000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30872.848001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30872.848001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31092.632691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31092.632691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37613                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          423005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              423005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         27334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             27334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    782558000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    782558000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       450339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          450339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.060696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.060696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28629.472452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28629.472452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    727890000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    727890000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.060696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26629.472452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26629.472452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         303167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             303167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10015                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10015                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    445210000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    445210000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       313182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         313182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44454.318522                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44454.318522                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    425180000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    425180000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031978                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031978                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42454.318522                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42454.318522                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1327                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1327                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          521                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             521                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     25448000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     25448000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1848                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1848                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.281926                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.281926                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48844.529750                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48844.529750                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          521                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     24408000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24408000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.281926                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281926                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46848.368522                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46848.368522                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10856272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.016387                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  751421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 37613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 19.977694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.016387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                803238                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               803238                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10856272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10856272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10856272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           19657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           14530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               34187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          19657                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          14530                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              34187                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         69042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         23340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             92382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            92382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2052508000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    894739000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2947247000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2052508000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    894739000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2947247000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          126569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         126569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.729894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.729894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29728.397207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38335.004284                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31902.827391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29728.397207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38335.004284                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31902.827391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          15888                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                15888                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1914424000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    848061000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2762485000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1914424000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    848061000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2762485000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.729894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.729894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27728.397207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36335.089974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29902.849040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27728.397207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36335.089974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29902.849040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    104383                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          19657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          14530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              34187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            92382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2052508000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    894739000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2947247000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         126569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.729894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29728.397207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38335.004284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31902.827391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1914424000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    848061000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2762485000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.729894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27728.397207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36335.089974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29902.849040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10856272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.530963                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 145145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               104383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.390504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    77.708999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   289.580121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   142.241842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.151775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.565586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.277816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               250711                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              250711                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10856272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               126569                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              126568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         19247                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        94986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       177398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  272384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3655424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5676736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9332160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           443495000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            222804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           189345000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10856272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10856272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10856272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  10856272000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                16259533000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  99303                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34293708                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   183068                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    30.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              538144970                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000312                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5531203                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.016260                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16259533000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            652474                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000312                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5531203                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      694975                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           643                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      472532                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           243                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4048872                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          6061                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         16259522                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   16259522                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3363537                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1972769                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       509050                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  63234                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         63234                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                79565                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               25875                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       82521                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5483861                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5483861                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10862383                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4428448                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      694692                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1167218                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     472526                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22861      0.41%      0.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4286929     77.50%     77.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4149      0.08%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     27900      0.50%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1335      0.02%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4636      0.08%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     3786      0.07%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   12406      0.22%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   6      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  44      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   2      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  6      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   689977     12.47%     91.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  438523      7.93%     99.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4715      0.09%     99.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              34003      0.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5531303                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    91                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        79886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        20722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          100608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        79886                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        20722                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         100608                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        26409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        13235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         39644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26409                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13235                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        39644                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1684974000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    837308000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2522282000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1684974000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    837308000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2522282000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       140252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       140252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.248450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.389758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.282663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.248450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.389758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.282663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63803.021697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63264.676993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63623.297346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63803.021697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63264.676993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63623.297346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         8915                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             8915                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        39644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        39644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1632156000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    810838000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2442994000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1632156000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    810838000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2442994000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.248450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.389758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.248450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.389758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61803.021697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61264.676993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61623.297346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61803.021697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61264.676993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61623.297346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 40150                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        79886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        20722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         100608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        39644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1684974000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    837308000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2522282000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       140252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.248450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.389758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.282663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63803.021697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63264.676993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63623.297346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1632156000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    810838000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2442994000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.248450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.389758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61803.021697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61264.676993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61623.297346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23037                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23037                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23037                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23037                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16259533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3594.090595                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             117644                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            40150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.930112                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   155.771001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1723.329531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1714.990063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.038030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.420735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.418699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.877464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4039                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2936                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          753                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986084                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           207478                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          207478                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16259533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3910054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3910054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3910054                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3910054                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         138818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             138818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        138818                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            138818                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4145296000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4145296000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4145296000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4145296000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4048872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4048872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4048872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4048872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.034286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29861.372444                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29861.372444                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29861.372444                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29861.372444                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        138818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       138818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3867660000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3867660000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3867660000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3867660000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27861.372444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27861.372444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27861.372444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27861.372444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     138562                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3910054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3910054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        138818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            138818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4145296000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4145296000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4048872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4048872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29861.372444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29861.372444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       138818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3867660000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3867660000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27861.372444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27861.372444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16259533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.422992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4021670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                138562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 29.024336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.422992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4187690                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4187690                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16259533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               39644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              39644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8915                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        88203                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        88203                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  88203                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3107776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3107776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3107776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            84219000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          213462000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16259533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1690176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          847040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2537216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1690176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1690176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       570560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           570560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            26409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            13235                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                39644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          8915                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                8915                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          103949849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           52094977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              156044826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     103949849                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         103949849                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        35090799                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              35090799                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        35090799                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         103949849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          52094977                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             191135625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      8277.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     26409.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12566.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002300328500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           481                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           481                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                90778                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                7782                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        39644                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        8915                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      39644                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      8915                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     669                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    638                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               3297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              5369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              4011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     474650000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   194875000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1205431250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12178.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30928.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     21930                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5909                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  56.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 71.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  39644                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  8915                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    38969                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        19388                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     155.896843                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    114.094891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    163.156847                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          9942     51.28%     51.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5995     30.92%     82.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1757      9.06%     91.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          738      3.81%     95.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          378      1.95%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          200      1.03%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          100      0.52%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           58      0.30%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          220      1.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         19388                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          481                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       80.542620                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      64.714190                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     100.911217                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             240     49.90%     49.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           197     40.96%     90.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           30      6.24%     97.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            8      1.66%     98.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.21%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.21%     99.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.21%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            1      0.21%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.21%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.21%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            481                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          481                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.155925                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.127196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.988797                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               197     40.96%     40.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                18      3.74%     44.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               260     54.05%     98.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 6      1.25%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            481                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2494400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    42816                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   528128                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2537216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                570560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        153.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         32.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     156.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      35.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    16254448000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      334736.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1690176                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       804224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       528128                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 103949848.990127831697                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 49461691.181413389742                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 32481129.685581989586                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        26409                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        13235                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         8915                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    803363750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    402067500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 374368291000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30420.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30379.11                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  41993078.07                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     58.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              75969600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              40378800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            146362860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            24946380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1283368320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5769176910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1385406720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8725609590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         536.645769                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3543351750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    542880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12173301250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              62460720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              33198660                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            131918640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            18129060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1283368320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5310732180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1771465440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8611273020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         529.613798                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4553976250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    542880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11162676750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16259533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16259533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16259533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1109066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1109066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1111492                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1111492                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          55029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              55029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         55915                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             55915                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1747212000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1747212000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1786188000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1786188000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1164095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1164095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1167407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1167407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.047272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.047897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31750.749605                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31750.749605                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31944.701779                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31944.701779                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           27853                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 27853                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         55029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1637156000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1637156000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1674360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1674360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29750.785949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29750.785949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29944.737548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29944.737548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      55658                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          651285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              651285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         40378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             40378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1122258000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1122258000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       691663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          691663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.058378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.058378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27793.798603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27793.798603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        40378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1041504000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1041504000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.058378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25793.848135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25793.848135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         457781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             457781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        14651                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            14651                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    624954000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    624954000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       472432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         472432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42656.064432                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42656.064432                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    595652000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    595652000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40656.064432                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40656.064432                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          2426                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              2426                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          886                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             886                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     38976000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     38976000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3312                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3312                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.267512                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.267512                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43990.970655                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43990.970655                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          886                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          886                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     37204000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37204000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.267512                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.267512                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41990.970655                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41990.970655                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16259533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.343255                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1134987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 55658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 20.392163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.343255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1223321                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1223321                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16259533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16259533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16259533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           32523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           21957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               54480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          32523                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          21957                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              54480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        106295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            140253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           140253                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3013991000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1252279000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   4266270000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3013991000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1252279000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   4266270000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          194733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         194733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.720232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.720232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28354.964956                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36877.289593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30418.386772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28354.964956                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36877.289593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30418.386772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          23037                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                23037                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       140253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       140253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2801401000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1184365000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3985766000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2801401000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1184365000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3985766000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26354.964956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34877.348489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28418.401032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26354.964956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34877.348489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28418.401032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    158152                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          32523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          21957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              54480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           140253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3013991000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1252279000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4266270000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         194733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.720232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28354.964956                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36877.289593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30418.386772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       140253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2801401000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1184365000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3985766000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26354.964956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34877.348489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28418.401032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16259533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.351457                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 220306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               158152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.393002                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    72.655145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   300.736637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   136.959675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.141905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.587376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.267499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          284                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               381250                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              381250                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16259533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               194733                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              194732                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         27853                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       139682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       277636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  417318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5361088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8884352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 14245440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           694090000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            333998000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           279570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16259533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16259533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16259533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  16259533000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                20993298000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 105786                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34295148                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   197788                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    37.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              555193690                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000027                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7478857                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.020993                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 20993298000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            895064                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000027                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7478857                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      932399                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      613172                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           268                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5406775                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          6265                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         20993287                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   20993287                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4635363                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2619356                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       700266                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  94269                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         94269                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               128788                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               49951                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      109177                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7403402                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7403402                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14593193                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5968986                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      931321                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1544482                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     613161                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30369      0.41%      0.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5826895     77.91%     78.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5114      0.07%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     29856      0.40%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2403      0.03%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    10184      0.14%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        6      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7628      0.10%     79.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   21938      0.29%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   9      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  48      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   3      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  8      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   923337     12.35%     91.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  574255      7.68%     99.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                7984      0.11%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              38906      0.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7478968                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   178                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst       103150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        25584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          128734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst       103150                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        25584                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         128734                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        30237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        15667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         45904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        30237                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15667                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        45904                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1930695000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    983616000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2914311000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1930695000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    983616000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2914311000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       133387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        41251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       174638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       133387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        41251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       174638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.226686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.379797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.262852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.226686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.379797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.262852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63852.068658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62782.664199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63487.081736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63852.068658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62782.664199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63487.081736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        10856                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            10856                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        45904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        45904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1870221000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    952282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2822503000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1870221000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    952282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2822503000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.226686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.379797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.262852                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.226686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.379797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.262852                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61852.068658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60782.664199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61487.081736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61852.068658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60782.664199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61487.081736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 47786                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst       103150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        25584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         128734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        30237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15667                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        45904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1930695000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    983616000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2914311000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       133387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        41251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       174638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.226686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.379797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.262852                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63852.068658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62782.664199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63487.081736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1870221000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    952282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2822503000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.226686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.379797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.262852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61852.068658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60782.664199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61487.081736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        28380                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        28380                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        28380                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        28380                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20993298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3697.215020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             147931                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            47786                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.095697                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   164.806349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1735.141468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1797.267203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.040236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.423619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.438786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.902640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4094                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          925                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2054                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1006                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999512                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           254898                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          254898                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20993298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5229469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5229469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5229469                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5229469                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         177306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             177306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        177306                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            177306                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5070351000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5070351000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5070351000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5070351000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5406775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5406775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5406775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5406775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.032793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.032793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28596.612636                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28596.612636                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28596.612636                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28596.612636                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       177306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        177306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       177306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       177306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4715741000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4715741000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4715741000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4715741000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26596.623916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26596.623916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26596.623916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26596.623916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     177049                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5229469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5229469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        177306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            177306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5070351000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5070351000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5406775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5406775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28596.612636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28596.612636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       177306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       177306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4715741000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4715741000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26596.623916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26596.623916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20993298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.778590                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5388934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                177049                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 30.437529                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.778590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5584080                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5584080                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20993298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               45904                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              45904                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        10856                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       102664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       102664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 102664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3632640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3632640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3632640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           100184000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          247112500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20993298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1935168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1002688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2937856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1935168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1935168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       694784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           694784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            30237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            15667                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                45904                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         10856                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               10856                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           92180276                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           47762291                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              139942566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      92180276                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          92180276                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        33095515                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              33095515                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        33095515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          92180276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          47762291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             173038081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      9490.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     30237.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     14790.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002300328500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           550                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           550                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               106010                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                8933                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        45904                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       10856                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      45904                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     10856                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     877                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1366                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               4462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               3599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               3158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               3479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               3107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              5824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              4110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     546344500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   225135000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1390600750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12133.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30883.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     25176                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     6833                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  55.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 72.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  45904                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 10856                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    45021                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     551                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     554                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     551                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     551                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     551                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     551                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        22483                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     155.116666                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    113.632210                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    163.390033                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         11533     51.30%     51.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7059     31.40%     82.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1965      8.74%     91.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          841      3.74%     95.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          415      1.85%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          219      0.97%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          115      0.51%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           66      0.29%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          270      1.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         22483                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          550                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       81.696364                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      64.568832                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      99.451687                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             278     50.55%     50.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           214     38.91%     89.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           34      6.18%     95.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           12      2.18%     97.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      0.73%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            2      0.36%     98.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            2      0.36%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.18%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            1      0.18%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.18%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.18%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            550                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          550                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.209091                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.180095                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.994479                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               213     38.73%     38.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                19      3.45%     42.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               310     56.36%     98.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 7      1.27%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21                 1      0.18%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            550                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2881728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    56128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   605760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2937856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                694784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        137.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         28.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     139.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      33.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    20979209000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      369612.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1935168                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       946560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       605760                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 92180275.819454371929                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 45088675.442991375923                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 28854923.128324095160                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        30237                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        15667                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        10856                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    921273750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    469327000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 502537180500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30468.42                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29956.41                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  46291192.01                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     58.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              87279360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              46390080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            165762240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            29101500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1657069440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7056000360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2119531680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11161134660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         531.652276                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5438557750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    700960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  14853780250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              73249260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              38932905                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            155730540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            20305800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1657069440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6638428050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2471171520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11054887515                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         526.591273                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6359703500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    700960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  13932634500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20993298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20993298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20993298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1473487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1473487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1476621                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1476621                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          67782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              67782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         68839                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             68839                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2105704000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2105704000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2151089000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2151089000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1541269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1541269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1545460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1545460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.043978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.044543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31065.828686                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31065.828686                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31248.115167                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31248.115167                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           34440                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 34440                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        67782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         67782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        68839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1970140000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1970140000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2013411000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2013411000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29065.828686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29065.828686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29248.115167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29248.115167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      68583                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          877991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              877991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         50216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             50216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1385862000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1385862000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       928207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          928207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.054100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27598.016568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27598.016568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        50216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1285430000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1285430000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25598.016568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25598.016568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         595496                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             595496                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        17566                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            17566                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    719842000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    719842000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       613062                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         613062                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028653                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.028653                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40979.278151                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40979.278151                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17566                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        17566                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    684710000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    684710000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028653                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028653                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38979.278151                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38979.278151                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3134                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3134                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1057                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1057                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     45385000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     45385000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4191                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          4191                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.252207                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.252207                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42937.559130                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42937.559130                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1057                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1057                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     43271000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43271000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.252207                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252207                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40937.559130                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40937.559130                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20993298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.491344                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1529275                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 68583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.298164                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.491344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1614299                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1614299                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20993298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20993298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20993298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           43918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           27588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               71506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          43918                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          27588                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              71506                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        133388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         41251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            174639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       133388                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        41251                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           174639                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3604252000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1488545000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5092797000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3604252000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1488545000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5092797000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       177306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        68839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          246145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       177306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        68839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         246145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.709496                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.709496                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27020.811467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36085.064604                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29161.853881                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27020.811467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36085.064604                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29161.853881                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          28380                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                28380                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       133388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       174639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       133388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       174639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3337478000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1406043000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4743521000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3337478000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1406043000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4743521000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25020.826461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34085.064604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27161.865334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25020.826461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34085.064604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27161.865334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    196924                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          43918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          27588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              71506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       133388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        41251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           174639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3604252000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1488545000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5092797000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       177306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        68839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         246145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.709496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27020.811467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36085.064604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29161.853881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       133388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       174639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3337478000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1406043000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4743521000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25020.826461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34085.064604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27161.865334                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34440                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34440                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34440                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34440                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20993298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.723186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 279454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               196924                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.419096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    71.209378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   296.992206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   142.521601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.139081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.580063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.278363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               478021                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              478021                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20993298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               246145                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              246144                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         34440                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       172118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       354611                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  526729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6609856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     11347520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 17957376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           886525000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            418345000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           344195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20993298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20993298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20993298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  20993298000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                22925849000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 106504                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34297112                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   199513                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    41.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              553312431                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4412859                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8266590                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.022926                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 22925849000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            996146                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4412859                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8266590                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1030970                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           913                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      668024                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           277                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5958942                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          6374                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         22925849                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               22925848.999000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5176639                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2899765                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       785125                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  95533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         95533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               130714                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               50915                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      118512                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.001000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8188081                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8188081                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16085157                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6599009                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1029887                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1697895                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     668008                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 32134      0.39%      0.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6458134     78.12%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5174      0.06%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     30198      0.37%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2413      0.03%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    10564      0.13%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        6      0.00%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7860      0.10%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   22230      0.27%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   9      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  48      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   3      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  8      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1021651     12.36%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  629024      7.61%     99.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                8236      0.10%     99.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              38984      0.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8266701                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   230                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst       107485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        29663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          137148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst       107485                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        29663                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         137148                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        31924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        17824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         49748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        31924                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        17824                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        49748                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2036468000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1120053000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   3156521000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2036468000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1120053000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   3156521000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       186896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       186896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.228995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.375345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.266180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.228995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.375345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.266180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63791.128931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62839.598294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63450.209054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63791.128931                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62839.598294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63450.209054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        12059                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            12059                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        49748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        49748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1972620000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1084405000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3057025000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1972620000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1084405000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3057025000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.228995                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.375345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.228995                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.375345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61791.128931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60839.598294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61450.209054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61791.128931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60839.598294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61450.209054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 52021                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst       107485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        29663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         137148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        31924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        17824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        49748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2036468000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1120053000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3156521000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       186896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.228995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.375345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.266180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63791.128931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62839.598294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63450.209054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        49748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1972620000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1084405000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3057025000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.228995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.375345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.266180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61791.128931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60839.598294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61450.209054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        32033                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        32033                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        32033                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        32033                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22925849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3730.662296                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             218929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            56115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.901435                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   167.996435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1720.193070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1842.472791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.041015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.419969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.449822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.910806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4094                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1492                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999512                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           275044                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          275044                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22925849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5773328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5773328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5773328                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5773328                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         185614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             185614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        185614                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            185614                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5321851000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5321851000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5321851000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5321851000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5958942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5958942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5958942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5958942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28671.603435                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28671.603435                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28671.603435                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28671.603435                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       185614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        185614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       185614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       185614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4950623000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4950623000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4950623000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4950623000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26671.603435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26671.603435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26671.603435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26671.603435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     185358                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5773328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5773328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        185614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            185614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   5321851000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5321851000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5958942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5958942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.031149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28671.603435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28671.603435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       185614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       185614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4950623000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4950623000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26671.603435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26671.603435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22925849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.881550                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5958942                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                185614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.103947                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.881550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6144556                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6144556                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22925849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               49748                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              49748                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12059                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       111555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       111555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 111555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3955648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3955648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3955648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           110043000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          267738000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22925849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         2043136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1140736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3183872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2043136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        2043136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       771776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           771776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            31924                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            17824                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                49748                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         12059                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               12059                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           89119317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           49757634                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              138876951                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      89119317                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          89119317                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        33664010                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              33664010                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        33664010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          89119317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          49757634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             172540960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     10662.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     31924.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     16924.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002300328500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           618                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           618                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               115319                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               10043                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        49748                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       12059                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      49748                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     12059                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     900                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1397                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               4579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               3995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               4068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               3016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               3674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               3241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              6100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              4383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     588882250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   244240000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1504782250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12055.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30805.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     27530                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     7653                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  56.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 71.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  49748                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 12059                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    48842                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        24299                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     156.637886                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    114.424330                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    165.076342                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         12370     50.91%     50.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7641     31.45%     82.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2147      8.84%     91.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          933      3.84%     95.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          457      1.88%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          246      1.01%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          135      0.56%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           77      0.32%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          293      1.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         24299                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          618                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       79.019417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      62.224958                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      95.162778                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             328     53.07%     53.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           226     36.57%     89.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           38      6.15%     95.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           14      2.27%     98.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      0.65%     98.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            2      0.32%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            2      0.32%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.16%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            1      0.16%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            618                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          618                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.220065                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.191244                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.991104                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               236     38.19%     38.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                21      3.40%     41.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               352     56.96%     98.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 8      1.29%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21                 1      0.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            618                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3126272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    57600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   681088                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3183872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                771776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        136.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         29.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     138.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      33.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    22925768000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      370925.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      2043136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1083136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       681088                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 89119316.802618727088                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 47245185.990712925792                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 29708300.006686773151                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        31924                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        17824                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        12059                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    970765250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    534017000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 551669366500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30408.63                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29960.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  45747521.89                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     59.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              93641100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              49756245                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            177264780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            32541480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1809500160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7622005800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2384995200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12169704765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         530.828968                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6123211250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    765440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  16037197750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              79910880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              42458460                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            171509940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            23009760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1809500160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7218806040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2724531840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12069727080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         526.468053                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7012671500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    765440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  15147737500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22925849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22925849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22925849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1615080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1615080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1621400                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1621400                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          74626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              74626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         77483                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             77483                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2340302000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2340302000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2437926000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2437926000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1689706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1689706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1698883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1698883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.044165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.045608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31360.410581                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31360.410581                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31464.011461                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31464.011461                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           38702                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 38702                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        74626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         74626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        77483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        77483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2191050000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2191050000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2282960000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2282960000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29360.410581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29360.410581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29464.011461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29464.011461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      77227                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          965854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              965854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         55938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             55938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1589754000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1589754000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1021792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1021792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054745                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.054745                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28419.929207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28419.929207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1477878000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1477878000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26419.929207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26419.929207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         649226                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             649226                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        18688                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            18688                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    750548000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    750548000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       667914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         667914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027980                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.027980                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40162.029110                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40162.029110                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18688                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        18688                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    713172000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    713172000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027980                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027980                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38162.029110                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38162.029110                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          6320                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              6320                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2857                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2857                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97624000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     97624000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9177                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9177                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.311322                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.311322                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34170.108505                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34170.108505                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2857                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2857                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     91910000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91910000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.311322                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311322                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32170.108505                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32170.108505                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22925849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.534221                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1698883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 77483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.925881                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.534221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1776366                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1776366                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22925849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22925849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22925849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           46205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           29996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               76201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          46205                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          29996                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              76201                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        139409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         47487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            186896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           186896                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3784937000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1701736000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5486673000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3784937000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1701736000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5486673000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       185614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        77483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          263097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       185614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        77483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         263097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.751069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.710369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.751069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.710369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27149.875546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35835.828753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29356.824116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27149.875546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35835.828753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29356.824116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          32033                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                32033                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       186896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       186896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3506119000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1606762000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5112881000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3506119000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1606762000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5112881000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.751069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.710369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.751069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.710369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25149.875546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33835.828753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27356.824116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25149.875546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33835.828753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27356.824116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    212089                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          46205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          29996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              76201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           186896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3784937000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1701736000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5486673000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       185614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        77483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         263097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.751069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.710369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27149.875546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35835.828753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29356.824116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       186896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3506119000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1606762000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5112881000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.751069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.710369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25149.875546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33835.828753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27356.824116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        38702                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        38702                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        38702                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        38702                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22925849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.830816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 301799                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               212601                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.419556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    72.933487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   291.204612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   146.692717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.142448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.568759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.286509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          270                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               514400                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              514400                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22925849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               263097                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              263097                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         38702                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       193668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       371228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  564896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7435840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     11879296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 19315136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           928070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            456607000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           387415000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22925849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22925849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22925849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  22925849000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
