
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3625394000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 108412                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34218184                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   226055                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              392506901                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1001316                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2087946                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003625                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3625394000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            130178                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1001316                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2087946                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      191787                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       52579                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            66                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1432427                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3625383                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3625383                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1162574                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              616459                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       103970                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 567534                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        567534                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               988378                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              539971                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       16395                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1647873                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1647873                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3323952                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1547830                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      191781                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        244357                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      52576                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18760      0.90%      0.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1370578     65.64%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1361      0.07%     66.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      4.56%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   51745      2.48%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.04%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30648      1.47%     75.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.10%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   37779      1.81%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.03%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              109561      5.25%     82.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     82.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     82.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               29214      1.40%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               14558      0.70%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              80725      3.87%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    87347      4.18%     92.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   48018      2.30%     94.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104434      5.00%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4558      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2087975                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            1149                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          220                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          929                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           1149                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1208                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1843                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3051                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     70912000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    111902000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    182814000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     70912000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    111902000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    182814000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         2772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         4200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         2772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         4200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.845938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.726429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.845938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.726429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58701.986755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60717.308736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59919.370698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58701.986755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60717.308736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59919.370698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          121                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              121                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68496000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    108216000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    176712000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68496000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    108216000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    176712000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.845938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.726429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.845938                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.726429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56701.986755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58717.308736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57919.370698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56701.986755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58717.308736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57919.370698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   547                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           1149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1208                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     70912000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    111902000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    182814000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         4200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.845938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.726429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58701.986755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60717.308736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59919.370698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68496000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    108216000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    176712000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.845938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.664863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.726429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56701.986755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58717.308736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57919.370698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         1681                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1681                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         1681                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1681                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3625394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2086.599946                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                948                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              547                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.733090                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    42.369748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   860.287329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1183.942869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.005172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.105016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.144524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.254712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2572                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2360                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.313965                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses             9000                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses            9000                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3625394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1430823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1430823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1430823                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1430823                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1604                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1604                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98334000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98334000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98334000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98334000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1432427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1432427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1432427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1432427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.001120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.001120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61305.486284                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61305.486284                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61305.486284                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61305.486284                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95126000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95126000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95126000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95126000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59305.486284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59305.486284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59305.486284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59305.486284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1349                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1430823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1430823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1604                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98334000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98334000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1432427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1432427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.001120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61305.486284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61305.486284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95126000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95126000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59305.486284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59305.486284                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3625394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.773528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  203318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1349                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                150.717569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.773528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.979584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.979584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1434031                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1434031                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3625394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3051                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3051                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          121                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         6223                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         6223                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6223                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       203008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       203008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  203008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3656000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           16285750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3625394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           77312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          117952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              195264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        77312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          77312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         7744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             7744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1843                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           121                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 121                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           21325130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           32534947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               53860077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      21325130                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          21325130                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         2136044                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               2136044                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         2136044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          21325130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          32534947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              55996121                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       121.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1208.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1837.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002290032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             6                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             6                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 7137                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  94                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3051                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         121                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3051                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       121                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                 83                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15                77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      24066500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    15225000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                 81160250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7903.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26653.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2077                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       83                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 68.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3051                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   121                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          985                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     204.345178                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    133.266472                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    247.714288                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           405     41.12%     41.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          370     37.56%     78.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           74      7.51%     86.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           36      3.65%     89.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           20      2.03%     91.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            5      0.51%     92.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           11      1.12%     93.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      1.22%     94.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           52      5.28%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           985                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      430.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     136.581484                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     736.683016                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63               2     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             2     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1     16.67%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1     16.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.666667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.640671                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.032796                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 4     66.67%     66.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2     33.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  194880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     6400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   195264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  7744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         53.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      53.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       2.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3620212000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1141302.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        77312                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       117568                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         6400                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 21325130.454786431044                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 32429027.024373073131                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1765325.368773711147                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1208                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1843                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          121                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     30658500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     50501750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  30868187750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25379.55                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27401.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 255108989.67                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               3927000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2087250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy              9753240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy               93960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      285807600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         973455690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         572399520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1847524260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         509.606476                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1478816000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    120900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2025678000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3105900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1650825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             11988060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              428040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      285807600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         365588880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1084287360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1752856665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         483.494115                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2815180500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    120900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    689313500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3625394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3625394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3625394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           240193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               240193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          240209                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              240209                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           4123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               4123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          4128                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              4128                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    180906000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    180906000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    181265000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    181265000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       244316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           244316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       244337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          244337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43877.273830                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43877.273830                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43911.094961                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43911.094961                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            2415                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  2415                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          4123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    172662000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    172662000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    173011000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    173011000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41877.758913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41877.758913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41911.579457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41911.579457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       3871                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          190157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              190157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          1609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              1609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     44512000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44512000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       191766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          191766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27664.387819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27664.387819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     41294000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41294000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25664.387819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25664.387819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          50036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              50036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2514                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2514                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    136394000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    136394000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        52550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          52550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047840                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.047840                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54253.778839                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54253.778839                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    131368000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131368000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047840                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047840                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52254.574383                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52254.574383                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        71800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        71800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       349000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       349000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        69800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3625394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               247.897716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  189303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  3871                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 48.902867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   247.897716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.968350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.968350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                248464                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               248464                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3625394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3625394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3625394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            1355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                1531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           1355                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               1531                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          2773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              4201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2773                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             4201                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87060000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    144252000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    231312000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87060000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    144252000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    231312000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            5732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           5732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.732903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.732903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60966.386555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52020.194735                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55061.175910                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60966.386555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52020.194735                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55061.175910                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           1681                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 1681                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4201                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84204000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    138708000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    222912000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84204000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    138708000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    222912000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58966.386555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50020.915975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53061.651988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58966.386555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50020.915975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53061.651988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      4875                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           1355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               1531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             4201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87060000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    144252000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    231312000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           5732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.732903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60966.386555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52020.194735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55061.175910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84204000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    138708000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    222912000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.671754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.732903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58966.386555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50020.915975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53061.651988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2415                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2415                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2415                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2415                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3625394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              500.239598                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                   6851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 4875                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.405333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   133.257571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    86.601896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   280.380131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.260269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.169144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.547617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.977030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          283                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                13534                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               13534                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3625394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 5732                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                5731                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          2415                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        10670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   13878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       418688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       102656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   521344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8020000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             17807000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            20635000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3625394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3625394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3625394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3625394000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7069759000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 118187                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34218844                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   232113                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    16.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              417480821                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2001385                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3930668                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007070                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7069759000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            242588                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2001385                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3930668                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      371792                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       86427                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2903078                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7069748                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7069748                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1690977                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1088399                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       182682                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1420748                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1420748                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2480409                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             1359498                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       38861                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               2850934                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      2850934                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             5393315                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2413572                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      371786                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        458210                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      86424                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18771      0.48%      0.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2458996     62.56%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1395      0.04%     63.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      2.42%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  131045      3.33%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.02%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    75546      1.92%     70.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.05%     70.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   93899      2.39%     73.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.02%     73.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     73.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              278189      7.08%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               74125      1.89%     82.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               36978      0.94%     83.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             204865      5.21%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   109920      2.80%     91.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   81865      2.08%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              261866      6.66%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4559      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3930708                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            1532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          224                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1308                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           1532                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3761                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1211                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2550                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3761                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71096000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    157975000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    229071000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71096000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    157975000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    229071000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         5293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         5293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.660964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.710561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.660964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.710561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58708.505367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61950.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60906.939644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58708.505367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61950.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60906.939644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          125                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              125                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3761                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68674000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    152875000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    221549000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68674000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    152875000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    221549000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843902                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.660964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.710561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843902                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.660964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.710561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56708.505367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59950.980392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58906.939644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56708.505367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59950.980392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58906.939644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   578                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           1532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3761                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71096000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    157975000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    229071000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         5293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.660964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.710561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58708.505367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61950.980392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60906.939644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68674000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    152875000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    221549000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.660964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.710561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56708.505367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59950.980392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58906.939644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2804                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2804                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2804                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2804                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7069759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2492.170117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.709343                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    50.918631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   880.796059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1560.455427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.006216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.107519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.190485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.304220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3045                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.397461                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            11931                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           11931                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7069759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2901467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2901467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2901467                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2901467                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1611                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1611                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98646000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98646000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98646000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98646000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2903078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2903078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2903078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2903078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61232.774674                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61232.774674                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61232.774674                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61232.774674                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95424000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95424000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95424000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95424000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59232.774674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59232.774674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59232.774674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59232.774674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1356                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2901467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2901467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98646000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98646000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2903078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2903078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61232.774674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61232.774674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95424000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95424000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59232.774674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59232.774674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7069759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.832652                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  203527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                150.093658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.832652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.987628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2904689                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2904689                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7069759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3761                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3761                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          125                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         7647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         7647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   7647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       248704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       248704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  248704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4386000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           20138250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7069759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           77504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          163200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              240704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        77504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          77504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         8000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             8000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3761                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           125                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 125                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10962750                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           23084238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               34046988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10962750                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10962750                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1131580                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1131580                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1131580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10962750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          23084238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              35178568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       125.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1211.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2544.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002290032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             6                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             6                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9445                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  94                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3761                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         125                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3761                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       125                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                 87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      33278500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    18775000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                103684750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8862.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27612.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2280                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       83                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 66.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3761                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   125                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3755                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1492                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     165.361930                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    114.117135                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    209.263024                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           710     47.59%     47.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          572     38.34%     85.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           74      4.96%     90.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           36      2.41%     93.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           20      1.34%     94.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            5      0.34%     94.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           11      0.74%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      0.80%     96.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           52      3.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1492                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      430.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     136.581484                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     736.683016                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63               2     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             2     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1     16.67%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1     16.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.666667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.640671                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.032796                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 4     66.67%     66.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2     33.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  240320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     6400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   240704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  8000                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         33.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      34.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7060371000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1816873.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        77504                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       162816                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         6400                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10962749.932494163513                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 23029922.236387405545                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 905264.238851706265                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1211                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2550                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          125                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     30742250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     72942500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  30868187750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25385.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28604.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 246945502.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6497400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3453450                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             13351800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy               93960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      557478480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1787301690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1209691680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3577868460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         506.080683                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3127481500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    235820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3706457500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4155480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2208690                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             13458900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              428040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      557478480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         666950730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2153145120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3397825440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         480.614041                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5590653000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    235820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1243286000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7069759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7069759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7069759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           452031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               452031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          452047                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              452047                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6132                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6132                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    259983000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    259983000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    260342000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    260342000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       458158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           458158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       458179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          458179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42432.348621                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42432.348621                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42456.294847                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42456.294847                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3823                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3823                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    247731000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    247731000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    248080000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    248080000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40432.675045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40432.675045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40456.621005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40456.621005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       5875                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          369559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              369559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     55339000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     55339000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       371771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          371771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25017.631103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25017.631103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     50915000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50915000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23017.631103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23017.631103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          82472                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              82472                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3915                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3915                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    204644000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    204644000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        86387                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          86387                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045319                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.045319                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52271.775223                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52271.775223                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    196816000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    196816000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045319                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045319                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50272.286079                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50272.286079                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        71800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        71800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       349000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       349000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        69800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7069759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.845124                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  413992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  5875                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 70.466723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.845124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.983770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.983770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                464310                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               464310                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7069759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7069759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7069759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                2449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2273                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               2449                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              5294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3859                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             5294                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87329000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    203029000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    290358000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87329000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    203029000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    290358000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            7743                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           7743                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.683714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.683714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60856.445993                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52611.816533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54846.618814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60856.445993                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52611.816533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54846.618814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2804                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2804                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84459000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    195313000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    279772000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84459000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    195313000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    279772000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58856.445993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50612.334802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52846.996600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58856.445993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50612.334802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52846.996600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      6436                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               2449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             5294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87329000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    203029000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    290358000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           7743                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.683714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60856.445993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52611.816533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54846.618814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84459000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    195313000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279772000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.629322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.683714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58856.445993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50612.334802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52846.996600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3823                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3823                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3823                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3823                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7069759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.969230                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  10399                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 6436                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.615755                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    88.206453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    45.199266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   372.563510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.172278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.088280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.727663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.988221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          288                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                18514                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               18514                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7069759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7743                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                7742                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3823                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        16086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   19308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       637056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       103104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   740160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8055000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             26858000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            30655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7069759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7069759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7069759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7069759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                10512008000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 124476                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34218844                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   239418                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    24.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              435853446                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3002115                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5774328                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.010512                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10512008000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            354910                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3002115                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5774328                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      552062                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      120134                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           111                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4374379                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         10511997                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   10511997                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2218893                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1560139                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       261308                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2275438                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2275438                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3974671                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2180490                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       61325                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4053881                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4053881                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7462267                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3278988                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      552056                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        672187                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     120131                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18771      0.33%      0.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3546738     61.42%     61.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1395      0.02%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      1.65%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  210805      3.65%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.02%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   120474      2.09%     69.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     69.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.04%     69.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  150059      2.60%     71.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     71.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     71.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.01%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              447223      7.74%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              119055      2.06%     81.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               59438      1.03%     82.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             329545      5.71%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   132384      2.29%     90.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  115572      2.00%     92.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              419672      7.27%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4559      0.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5774379                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            1764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          224                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1540                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           1764                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1211                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3252                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4463                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71096000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    201838000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    272934000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71096000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    201838000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    272934000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         6227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         6227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.678631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.716718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.678631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.716718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58708.505367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62065.805658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61154.828591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58708.505367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62065.805658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61154.828591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          125                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              125                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68674000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    195334000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    264008000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68674000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    195334000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    264008000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843902                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.678631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.716718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843902                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.678631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.716718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56708.505367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60065.805658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59154.828591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56708.505367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60065.805658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59154.828591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   617                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           1764                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71096000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    201838000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    272934000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         6227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.678631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.716718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58708.505367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62065.805658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61154.828591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68674000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    195334000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    264008000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.843902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.678631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.716718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56708.505367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60065.805658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59154.828591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3852                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3852                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3852                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3852                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10512008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2853.685343                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              617                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.664506                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    53.892405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   879.259995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1920.532943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.006579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.107332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.234440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.348350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3919                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2088                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1629                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.478394                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            14615                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           14615                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10512008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4372768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4372768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4372768                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4372768                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1611                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1611                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98646000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98646000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98646000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98646000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4374379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4374379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4374379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4374379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61232.774674                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61232.774674                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61232.774674                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61232.774674                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95424000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95424000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95424000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95424000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59232.774674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59232.774674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59232.774674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59232.774674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1356                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4372768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4372768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98646000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98646000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4374379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4374379                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61232.774674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61232.774674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95424000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95424000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59232.774674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59232.774674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10512008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.542369                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  203527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                150.093658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.542369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4375990                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4375990                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10512008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4463                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4463                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          125                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         9051                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         9051                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   9051                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       293632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       293632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  293632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             5088000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           23920750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10512008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           77504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          208128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              285632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        77504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          77504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         8000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             8000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4463                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           125                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 125                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7372902                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           19799072                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               27171973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7372902                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7372902                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          761034                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                761034                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          761034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7372902                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          19799072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              27933008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       125.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1211.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3246.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002290032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             6                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             6                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                11735                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  94                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4463                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         125                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4463                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       125                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      40540500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    22285000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                124109250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9095.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27845.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2589                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       83                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  58.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 66.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4463                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   125                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1885                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     154.720424                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    113.326452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    187.696555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           794     42.12%     42.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          881     46.74%     88.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           74      3.93%     92.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           36      1.91%     94.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           20      1.06%     95.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            5      0.27%     96.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           11      0.58%     96.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      0.64%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           52      2.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1885                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      430.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     136.581484                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     736.683016                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63               2     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             2     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1     16.67%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1     16.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.666667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.640671                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.032796                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 4     66.67%     66.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2     33.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  285248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     6400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   285632                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  8000                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         27.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      27.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.76                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    10502634000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2289153.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        77504                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       207744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         6400                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7372901.542692890391                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 19762542.037639241666                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 608827.542749206419                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1211                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3252                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          125                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     30742250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     93367000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  30868187750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25385.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28710.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 246945502.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     58.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6497400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3453450                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             13351800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy               93960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      829764000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1837046160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2489625120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5179831890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         492.753800                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6454550500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    351000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3706457500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               6961500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3700125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             18471180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              428040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      829764000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1379024370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2875327680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5113676895                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.460522                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7460134250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    351000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2700873750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10512008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10512008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10512008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           664035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               664035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          664051                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              664051                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          8094                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              8094                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    335622000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    335622000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    335981000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    335981000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       672124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           672124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       672145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          672145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41491.160836                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41491.160836                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41509.883865                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41509.883865                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5241                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5241                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    319446000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    319446000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    319795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    319795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012042                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39491.408085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39491.408085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39510.130961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39510.130961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       7837                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          549285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              549285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     64427000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     64427000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       552041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          552041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23376.995646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23376.995646                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     58915000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58915000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21376.995646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21376.995646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         114750                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             114750                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    271195000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    271195000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       120083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         120083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044411                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.044411                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50852.240765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50852.240765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    260531000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    260531000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044411                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044411                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48852.615788                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48852.615788                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        71800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        71800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       349000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       349000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        69800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10512008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.205675                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  636774                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  7837                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 81.252265                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.205675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                680238                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               680238                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10512008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10512008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10512008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                3477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               3477                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              6228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4793                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             6228                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87329000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    257630000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    344959000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87329000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    257630000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    344959000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            9705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           9705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.641731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.641731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60856.445993                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53751.303985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55388.407193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60856.445993                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53751.303985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55388.407193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3852                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3852                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84459000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    248046000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    332505000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84459000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    248046000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    332505000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641731                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641731                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58856.445993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51751.721260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53388.728324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58856.445993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51751.721260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53388.728324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      7739                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               3477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             6228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87329000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    257630000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    344959000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           9705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.641731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60856.445993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53751.303985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55388.407193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84459000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    248046000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    332505000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.592167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58856.445993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51751.721260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53388.728324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5241                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5241                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5241                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5241                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10512008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.944058                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  13619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 7739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.759788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    64.483089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    30.471009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   412.989960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.125944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.059514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.806621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          306                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                23197                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               23197                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10512008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 9705                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                9704                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5241                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        21428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   24650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       853376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       103104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   956480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8055000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             35910000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            40465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10512008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10512008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10512008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  10512008000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                13953695000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 128340                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34218844                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   244261                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    31.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              447471022                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000620                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7614201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.013954                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13953695000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            467159                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000620                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7614201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      731725                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      153919                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           133                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5842986                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         13953684                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   13953684                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2746550                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2031420                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       339908                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3127348                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3127348                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              5464625                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2998758                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       83757                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5255031                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5255031                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             9528243                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4143379                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      731719                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        885635                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     153916                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18781      0.25%      0.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4633843     60.86%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1429      0.02%     61.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      1.25%     62.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  289836      3.81%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.01%     66.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   165312      2.17%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.03%     68.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  206104      2.71%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.01%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              615544      8.08%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              163906      2.15%     81.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               81828      1.07%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             453356      5.95%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   154907      2.03%     90.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  149356      1.96%     92.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              576812      7.58%     99.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4560      0.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7614263                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          228                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1788                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2016                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          5234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1211                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4023                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         5234                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71096000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    251352000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    322448000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71096000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    251352000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    322448000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         5811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         7250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         5811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         7250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.841557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.692308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.721931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.841557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.692308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.721931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58708.505367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62478.747204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61606.419564                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58708.505367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62478.747204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61606.419564                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          189                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              189                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         5234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         5234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68674000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    243306000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    311980000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68674000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    243306000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    311980000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.841557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.692308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.841557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.692308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56708.505367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60478.747204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59606.419564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56708.505367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60478.747204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59606.419564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   853                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         5234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71096000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    251352000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    322448000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         5811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         7250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.841557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.692308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.721931                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58708.505367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62478.747204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61606.419564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68674000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    243306000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    311980000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.841557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.692308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56708.505367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60478.747204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59606.419564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4941                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4941                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4941                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4941                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13953695000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3189.433259                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              853                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.739742                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    55.758360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   857.856277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2275.818622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.006806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.104719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.277810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.389335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4518                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1845                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2468                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.551514                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            17562                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           17562                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13953695000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5841371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5841371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5841371                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5841371                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1615                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1615                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98722000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98722000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98722000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98722000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5842986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5842986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5842986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5842986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61128.173375                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61128.173375                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61128.173375                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61128.173375                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95492000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95492000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95492000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95492000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59128.173375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59128.173375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59128.173375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59128.173375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1360                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5841371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5841371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98722000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98722000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5842986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5842986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61128.173375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61128.173375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95492000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95492000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59128.173375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59128.173375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13953695000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.901895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  203555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                149.672794                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.901895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5844601                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5844601                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13953695000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5234                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5234                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          189                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        10657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        10657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  10657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       347072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       347072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  347072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6179000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           28095750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13953695000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           77504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          257472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              334976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        77504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          77504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        12096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            12096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5234                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           189                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 189                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            5554371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           18451887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               24006258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       5554371                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           5554371                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          866867                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                866867                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          866867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           5554371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          18451887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              24873125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       127.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1211.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4017.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002290032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             6                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             6                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                14225                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  94                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5234                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         189                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5234                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       189                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     62                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.66                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      49835250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    26140000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                147860250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9532.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28282.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2849                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       83                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  54.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 65.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5234                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   189                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2396                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     142.317195                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    106.991080                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    171.969331                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1096     45.74%     45.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1086     45.33%     91.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           74      3.09%     94.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           36      1.50%     95.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           20      0.83%     96.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      0.25%     96.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           12      0.50%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      0.50%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           54      2.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2396                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      430.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     136.581484                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     736.683016                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63               2     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             2     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1     16.67%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1     16.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.666667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.640671                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.032796                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 4     66.67%     66.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2     33.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  334592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     6400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   334976                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 12096                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         23.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      24.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    13949107000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2572212.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        77504                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       257088                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         6400                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 5554371.082354888320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 18424367.165829550475                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 458659.874678355816                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1211                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4023                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          189                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     30742250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    117118000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  30868187750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25385.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29112.11                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 163323744.71                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     54.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9381960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4986630                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             17493000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy               93960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1101434880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2772077010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3023838240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6929305680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         496.592887                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7834101500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    465920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5653673500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7725480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4106190                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             19834920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              428040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1101434880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1614150510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3998934240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6746614260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         483.500195                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10378596000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    465920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3109179000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13953695000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13953695000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13953695000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           875517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               875517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          875533                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              875533                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          10044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              10044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         10049                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             10049                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    417055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    417055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    417414000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    417414000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       885561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           885561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       885582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          885582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41522.799681                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41522.799681                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41537.864464                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41537.864464                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            6673                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  6673                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         10044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    396969000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    396969000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    397318000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    397318000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39522.998805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39522.998805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39538.063489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39538.063489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9792                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          728419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              728419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     77246000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77246000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       731704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          731704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23514.764079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23514.764079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21514.764079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21514.764079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         147098                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             147098                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6759                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6759                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    339809000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    339809000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       153857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         153857                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043930                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.043930                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50275.040686                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50275.040686                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326293000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    326293000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043930                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043930                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48275.336588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48275.336588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        71800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        71800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       349000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       349000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        69800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13953695000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.894897                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  856015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9792                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 87.419833                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.894897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                895630                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               895630                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13953695000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13953695000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13953695000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                4413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4237                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               4413                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          5812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              7251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             7251                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87381000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    318849000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    406230000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87381000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    318849000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    406230000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           11664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          11664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.621656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.621656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60723.419041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54860.461115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56023.996690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60723.419041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54860.461115                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56023.996690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4941                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4941                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84503000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    307227000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    391730000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84503000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    307227000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    391730000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58723.419041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52860.805231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54024.272514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58723.419041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52860.805231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54024.272514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      9182                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               4413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             7251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87381000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    318849000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    406230000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          11664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.621656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60723.419041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54860.461115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56023.996690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84503000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    307227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    391730000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.578366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58723.419041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52860.805231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54024.272514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6673                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6673                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6673                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6673                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13953695000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.944459                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  17015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 9182                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.853082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    51.824727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    23.111865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   434.007867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.101220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.045140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.847672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          302                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                28031                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               28031                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13953695000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                11664                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               11663                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          6673                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        26770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   30000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1070144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       103360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1173504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8075000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             45029000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            50240000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13953695000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13953695000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13953695000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  13953695000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17401535000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 131517                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34218844                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   248709                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    38.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              457493898                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5002426                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9460049                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017402                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17401535000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            579759                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5002426                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9460049                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      912086                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      187815                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           155                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7315960                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17401524                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17401524                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3275880                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2504129                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       418756                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3982018                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3982018                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              6958999                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             3819690                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      106259                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6460166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6460166                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11601202                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5010585                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      912080                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1099892                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     187812                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18791      0.20%      0.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5723758     60.50%     60.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1463      0.02%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      1.01%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  369419      3.91%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.01%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   210278      2.22%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.02%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  262309      2.77%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.01%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              784509      8.29%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              208885      2.21%     81.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv              104282      1.10%     82.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             577847      6.11%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   177516      1.88%     90.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  183251      1.94%     92.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              734564      7.76%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4561      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9460122                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    24                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          238                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2082                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2320                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          5944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1216                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4728                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         5944                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71398000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    296947000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    368345000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71398000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    296947000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    368345000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         8264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         8264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.836314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.694273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.719264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.836314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.694273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.719264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58715.460526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62806.049069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61969.212651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58715.460526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62806.049069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61969.212651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          194                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              194                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         5944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         5944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68966000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287491000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    356457000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68966000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287491000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    356457000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.836314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.694273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.719264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.836314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.694273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.719264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56715.460526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60806.049069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59969.212651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56715.460526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60806.049069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59969.212651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1019                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4728                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         5944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71398000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    296947000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    368345000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         8264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.836314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.694273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.719264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58715.460526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62806.049069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61969.212651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68966000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287491000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    356457000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.836314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.694273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.719264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56715.460526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60806.049069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59969.212651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6051                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6051                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6051                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6051                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17401535000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3503.456927                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.630029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    56.491801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   818.417318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2628.547809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.006896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.099904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.320868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.427668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5062                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1836                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3016                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.617920                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            20396                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           20396                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17401535000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7314330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7314330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7314330                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7314330                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1630                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1630                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99302000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99302000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99302000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99302000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7315960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7315960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7315960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7315960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60921.472393                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60921.472393                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60921.472393                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60921.472393                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96042000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96042000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96042000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96042000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58921.472393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58921.472393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58921.472393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58921.472393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1375                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7314330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7314330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99302000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99302000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7315960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7315960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60921.472393                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60921.472393                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96042000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96042000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58921.472393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58921.472393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17401535000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.119467                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  450286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1375                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                327.480727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.119467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7317590                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7317590                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17401535000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5944                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5944                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          194                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        12082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        12082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       392832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       392832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  392832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6914000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           31944750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17401535000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           77824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          302592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              380416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        77824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          77824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        12416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            12416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4728                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           194                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 194                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            4472249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           17388811                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               21861060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       4472249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           4472249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          713500                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                713500                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          713500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           4472249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          17388811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              22574560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       131.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1216.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4722.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002290032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             6                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             6                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                16534                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  94                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5944                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         194                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5944                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       194                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     63                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      58690750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    29690000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                170028250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9883.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28633.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3069                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       83                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  51.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 63.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5944                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   194                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2886                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     133.898822                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    103.362087                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    158.341975                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1367     47.37%     47.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1305     45.22%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           74      2.56%     95.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           36      1.25%     96.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           20      0.69%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      0.21%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           12      0.42%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      0.42%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           54      1.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2886                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      430.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     136.581484                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     736.683016                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63               2     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             2     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1     16.67%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1     16.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.666667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.640671                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.032796                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 4     66.67%     66.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2     33.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  380032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     6400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   380416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 12416                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         21.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.37                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      21.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17392161000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2833522.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        77824                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       302208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         6400                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 4472249.143538199365                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 17366743.795877777040                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 367783.646672549308                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1216                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4728                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          194                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     30877250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    139151000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  30868187750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25392.48                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29431.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 159114369.85                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     51.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              11631060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6182055                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             20691720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy               93960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1373105760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3505949160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3729811200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8647464915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         496.936903                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9662153750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    580840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7158541250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               8974980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4770315                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             21705600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              428040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1373105760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1966870500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5025877440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8401732635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         482.815604                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13044470750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    580840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3776224250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17401535000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17401535000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17401535000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1087873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1087873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1087889                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1087889                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          11934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              11934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         11939                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             11939                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    493641000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    493641000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    494000000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    494000000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1099807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1099807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1099828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1099828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41364.253394                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41364.253394                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41376.999749                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41376.999749                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8068                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8068                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         11934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    469775000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    469775000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    470124000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    470124000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39364.420982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39364.420982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39377.167267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39377.167267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      11682                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          908276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              908276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     85942000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85942000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       912065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          912065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22681.974136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22681.974136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     78364000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78364000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20681.974136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20681.974136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         179597                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             179597                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8145                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8145                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    407699000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    407699000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       187742                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         187742                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043384                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.043384                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50055.125844                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50055.125844                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    391411000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    391411000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043384                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043384                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48055.371393                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48055.371393                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        71800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        71800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       349000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       349000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        69800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17401535000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.311990                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1048165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 11682                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 89.724790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.311990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1111766                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1111766                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17401535000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17401535000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17401535000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5128                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5304                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              8265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6811                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             8265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87868000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    376021000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    463889000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87868000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    376021000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    463889000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        11939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           13569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        11939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          13569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.609109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.609109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60431.911967                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55207.898987                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56126.920750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60431.911967                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55207.898987                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56126.920750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6051                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6051                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84960000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    362401000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    447361000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84960000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    362401000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    447361000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58431.911967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53208.192630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54127.162734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58431.911967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53208.192630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54127.162734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     10631                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             8265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87868000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    376021000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    463889000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          13569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.609109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60431.911967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55207.898987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56126.920750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84960000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    362401000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    447361000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.570483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58431.911967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53208.192630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54127.162734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8068                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8068                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8068                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8068                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17401535000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.549866                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  20483                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                10631                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.926724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    43.547487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    19.142360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   446.860019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.085054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.037387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.872773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                32780                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               32780                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17401535000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                13569                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               13568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8068                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        31945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   35205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1280384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       104320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1384704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             53909000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            59690000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17401535000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17401535000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17401535000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17401535000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                20832704000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 133568                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34218844                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   251507                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    44.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              463751405                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000144                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11298215                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.020833                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 20832704000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            691761                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000144                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11298215                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1091762                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      221425                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           175                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8783068                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         20832693                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   20832693                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3802292                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2974525                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       497158                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4834112                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4834112                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              8448923                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             4638182                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      128659                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7659524                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7659524                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13663934                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5873455                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1091756                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1313178                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     221422                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18791      0.17%      0.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6808642     60.26%     60.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1463      0.01%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      0.84%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  448791      3.97%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.01%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   255078      2.26%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.02%     67.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  318309      2.82%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.01%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              952981      8.43%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              253687      2.25%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv              126678      1.12%     82.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             702011      6.21%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   199916      1.77%     90.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  216861      1.92%     92.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              891840      7.89%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4561      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11298298                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    24                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          238                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2314                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2552                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1216                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5428                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6644                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71398000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    340346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    411744000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71398000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    340346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    411744000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         9196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         9196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.836314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.701111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.722488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.836314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.701111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.722488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58715.460526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62701.915991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61972.305840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58715.460526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62701.915991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61972.305840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          194                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              194                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68966000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329490000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    398456000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68966000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329490000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    398456000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.836314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.701111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.722488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.836314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.701111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.722488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56715.460526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60701.915991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59972.305840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56715.460526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60701.915991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59972.305840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1106                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71398000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    340346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    411744000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         9196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.836314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.701111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.722488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58715.460526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62701.915991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61972.305840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68966000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329490000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    398456000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.836314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.701111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.722488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56715.460526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60701.915991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59972.305840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7039                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7039                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7039                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7039                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20832704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3807.125657                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1775                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.604882                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    56.740203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   774.248895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2976.136560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.006926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.094513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.363298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.464737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5675                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1843                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3629                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.692749                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            23016                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           23016                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20832704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8781438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8781438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8781438                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8781438                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1630                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1630                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99302000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99302000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99302000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99302000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8783068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8783068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8783068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8783068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60921.472393                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60921.472393                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60921.472393                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60921.472393                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96042000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96042000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96042000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96042000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58921.472393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58921.472393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58921.472393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58921.472393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1375                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8781438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8781438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99302000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99302000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8783068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8783068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60921.472393                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60921.472393                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96042000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96042000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58921.472393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58921.472393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20832704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.264492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  450286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1375                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                327.480727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.264492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8784698                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8784698                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20832704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          194                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        13482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        13482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  13482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       437632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       437632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  437632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7614000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           35713000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20832704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           77824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          347392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              425216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        77824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          77824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        12416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            12416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           194                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 194                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3735665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           16675320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               20410985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3735665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3735665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          595986                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                595986                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          595986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3735665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          16675320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              21006971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       131.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1216.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5422.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002290032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             6                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             6                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                18816                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  94                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6644                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         194                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6644                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       194                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     63                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      65596500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    33190000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                190059000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9881.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28631.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3390                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       83                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  51.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 63.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6644                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   194                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6638                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3265                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     132.077182                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    104.662611                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    149.157105                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1425     43.64%     43.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1626     49.80%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           74      2.27%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           36      1.10%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           20      0.61%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      0.18%     97.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           12      0.37%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      0.37%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           54      1.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3265                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      430.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     136.581484                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     736.683016                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63               2     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             2     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1     16.67%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1     16.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.666667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.640671                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.032796                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 4     66.67%     66.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2     33.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  424832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     6400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   425216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 12416                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         20.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      20.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    20823330000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3045236.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        77824                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       347008                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         6400                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3735664.846963697113                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 16656887.171247668564                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 307209.280177935609                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1216                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5428                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          194                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     30877250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    159181750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  30868187750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25392.48                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29326.04                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 159114369.85                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     51.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              11631060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6182055                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             20691720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy               93960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1644162000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3555469050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5005679520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10243909365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         491.722503                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12978662750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    695500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7158541250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              11681040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6208620                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             26703600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              428040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1644162000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2672830890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5748953760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10110967950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         485.341123                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14916309500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    695500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5220894500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20832704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20832704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20832704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1299252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1299252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1299268                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1299268                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          13831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              13831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         13836                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             13836                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    567836000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    567836000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    568195000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    568195000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1313083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1313083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1313104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1313104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41055.310534                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41055.310534                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41066.420931                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41066.420931                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9420                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9420                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    540176000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    540176000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    540525000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    540525000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39055.455137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39055.455137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39066.565481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39066.565481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      13579                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1087408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1087408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     95030000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95030000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1091741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1091741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21931.687053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21931.687053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     86364000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86364000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19931.687053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19931.687053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         211844                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             211844                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9498                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9498                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    472806000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    472806000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       221342                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         221342                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042911                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.042911                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49779.532533                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49779.532533                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    453812000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    453812000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042911                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042911                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47779.743104                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47779.743104                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        71800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        71800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       349000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       349000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        69800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20832704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.590007                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1262533                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 13579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 92.976876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.590007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1326939                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1326939                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20832704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20832704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20832704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                6269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6093                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               6269                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          7743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              9197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7743                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             9197                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87868000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    430136000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    518004000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87868000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    430136000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    518004000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           15466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          15466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.559627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.594659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.559627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.594659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60431.911967                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55551.594989                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56323.148853                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60431.911967                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55551.594989                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56323.148853                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7039                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7039                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84960000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    414652000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    499612000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84960000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    414652000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    499612000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.559627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.559627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58431.911967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53551.853287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54323.366315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58431.911967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53551.853287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54323.366315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     11871                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               6269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             9197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87868000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    430136000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    518004000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          15466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.559627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.594659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60431.911967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55551.594989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56323.148853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     84960000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    414652000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    499612000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.559627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58431.911967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53551.853287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54323.366315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9420                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9420                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9420                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9420                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20832704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.953406                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  23559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                11871                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.984584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    39.058471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    16.015926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   454.879009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.076286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.031281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.888436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          305                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                37269                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               37269                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20832704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                15466                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               15465                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9420                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        37091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   40351                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1488320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       104320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1592640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             62566000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            69175000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20832704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20832704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20832704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  20832704000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24277071000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 136810                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34218844                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   256821                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    51.17                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              474474544                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13140569                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024277                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24277071000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            804165                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13140569                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1271659                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      255249                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           199                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    10253670                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24277071                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24277071                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4330684                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3446460                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       575867                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5687183                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5687183                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              9940906                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             5457563                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      151121                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8862286                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8862286                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15732646                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6739003                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1271653                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1526900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     255247                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18801      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7897220     60.10%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1497      0.01%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      0.72%     60.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  527928      4.02%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.01%     65.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   299980      2.28%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.02%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  374433      2.85%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    592      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd             1121529      8.53%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              298602      2.27%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv              149098      1.13%     82.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             825987      6.29%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   222461      1.69%     90.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  250685      1.91%     91.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead             1049192      7.98%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4562      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13140664                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    24                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          243                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2660                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2903                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1216                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6134                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7350                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71398000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    386517000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    457915000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71398000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    386517000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    457915000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        10253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        10253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.833448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.697521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.716863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.833448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.697521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.716863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58715.460526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63012.226932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62301.360544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58715.460526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63012.226932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62301.360544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          194                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              194                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68966000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    374249000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    443215000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68966000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    374249000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    443215000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.833448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.697521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.716863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.833448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.697521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.716863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56715.460526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61012.226932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60301.360544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56715.460526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61012.226932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60301.360544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1221                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     71398000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    386517000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    457915000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        10253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.833448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.697521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.716863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58715.460526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63012.226932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62301.360544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     68966000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    374249000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    443215000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.833448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.697521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.716863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56715.460526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61012.226932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60301.360544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8130                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8130                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8130                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8130                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24277071000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4111.084258                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              18383                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             7487                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.455323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    56.918939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   729.537154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3324.628165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.006948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.089055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.405838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.501841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1847                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.764893                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            25870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           25870                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24277071000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         10252035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total             10252035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10252035                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total            10252035                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1635                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1635                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99397000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99397000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99397000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99397000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     10253670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total         10253670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     10253670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total        10253670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60793.272171                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60793.272171                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60793.272171                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60793.272171                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96127000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96127000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96127000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96127000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58793.272171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58793.272171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58793.272171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58793.272171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1380                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10252035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            10252035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99397000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99397000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     10253670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10253670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60793.272171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60793.272171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96127000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96127000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58793.272171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58793.272171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24277071000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.368844                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                10253670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               6271.357798                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.368844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses              10255305                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses             10255305                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24277071000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7350                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7350                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          194                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       482816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       482816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  482816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8320000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           39543250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24277071000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           77824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          392576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              470400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        77824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          77824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        12416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            12416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7350                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           194                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 194                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3205659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           16170649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               19376308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3205659                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3205659                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          511429                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                511429                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          511429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3205659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          16170649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              19887737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       131.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1216.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6128.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002290032500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             6                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             6                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                21112                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  94                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7350                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         194                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7350                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       194                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     63                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       26.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      74931750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    36720000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                212631750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10203.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28953.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3596                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       83                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  48.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 63.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7350                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   194                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3764                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     126.554729                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    101.839108                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    140.110895                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1719     45.67%     45.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1831     48.65%     94.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           74      1.97%     96.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           36      0.96%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           20      0.53%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      0.16%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           12      0.32%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      0.32%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           54      1.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3764                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      430.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     136.581484                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     736.683016                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63               2     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             2     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1     16.67%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1     16.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.666667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.640671                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.032796                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 4     66.67%     66.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2     33.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  470016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     6400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   470400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 12416                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         19.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      19.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.51                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    24272222000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     3217420.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        77824                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       392192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         6400                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3205658.540933541488                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 16154831.857599295676                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 263623.235274139966                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1216                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6134                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          194                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     30877250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    181754500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  30868187750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25392.48                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29630.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 159114369.85                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     49.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              14715540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7817700                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             25225620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy               93960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1915832880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4576751160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5468289120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12008725980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         494.652999                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14171279250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    810420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   9295371750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12166560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6466680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             27210540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              428040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1915832880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2840249580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6930606240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11732960520                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         483.293908                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17986483250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    810420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5480167750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24277071000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24277071000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24277071000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1510910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1510910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1510926                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1510926                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          15882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              15882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         15887                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             15887                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    647599000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    647599000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    647958000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    647958000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1526792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1526792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1526813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1526813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40775.657978                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40775.657978                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40785.422043                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40785.422043                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10885                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10885                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    615835000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    615835000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    616184000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    616184000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38775.657978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38775.657978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38785.422043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38785.422043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      15631                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1266712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1266712                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    105289000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105289000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1271638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1271638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21374.137231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21374.137231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     95437000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95437000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19374.137231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19374.137231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         244198                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             244198                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10956                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10956                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    542310000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    542310000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       255154                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         255154                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042939                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.042939                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49498.904710                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49498.904710                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    520398000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    520398000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042939                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042939                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47498.904710                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47498.904710                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       359000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        71800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        71800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       349000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       349000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        69800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24277071000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.790053                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1526813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 15887                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 96.104551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.790053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1542700                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1542700                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24277071000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24277071000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24277071000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                7269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7093                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               7269                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             10253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            10253                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87933000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    488571000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    576504000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87933000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    488571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    576504000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           17522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          17522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.553534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.585150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.553534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.585150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60269.362577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55557.311804                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56227.835755                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60269.362577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55557.311804                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56227.835755                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8130                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8130                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     85015000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    470983000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    555998000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     85015000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    470983000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    555998000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.553534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.585150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.553534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.585150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58269.362577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53557.311804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54227.835755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58269.362577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53557.311804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54227.835755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13350                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               7269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            10253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     87933000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    488571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    576504000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          17522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.553534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.585150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60269.362577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55557.311804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56227.835755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     85015000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    470983000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    555998000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.553534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.585150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58269.362577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53557.311804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54227.835755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10885                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10885                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10885                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10885                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24277071000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.243771                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  28407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13862                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.049271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    35.475467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    13.873678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   460.894626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.069288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.027097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.900185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          301                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                42269                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               42269                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24277071000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                17522                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               17522                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10885                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42659                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   45929                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1713408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       104640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1818048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8175000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             71947000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            79435000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24277071000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24277071000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24277071000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24277071000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
