
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3936684000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  86887                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34225368                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   164330                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    11.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              342027340                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000033                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1891410                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003937                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3936684000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            238611                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000033                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1891410                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      245397                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            52                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      142936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            64                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1298739                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           112                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3936673                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3936673                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1102429                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              577236                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       175136                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   7373                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          7373                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                11135                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5646                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       47413                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1884136                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1884136                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3636587                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1503064                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      245357                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        388279                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     142922                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  2746      0.15%      0.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1495081     79.04%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       33      0.00%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        98      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     128      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1860      0.10%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      270      0.01%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     1290      0.07%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1614      0.09%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   1      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  34      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  1      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   243786     12.89%     92.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  142442      7.53%     99.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                1571      0.08%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                480      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1891436                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         3942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            6675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3942                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2733                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           6675                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2329                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1793                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4122                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144936000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    106342000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    251278000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144936000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    106342000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    251278000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        10797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        10797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.371392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.396156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.381773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.371392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.396156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.381773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62231.000429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59309.537089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60960.213489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62231.000429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59309.537089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60960.213489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          426                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              426                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2329                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    140278000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    102756000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    243034000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    140278000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    102756000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    243034000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.371392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.396156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.381773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.371392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.396156                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.381773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60231.000429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57309.537089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58960.213489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60231.000429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57309.537089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58960.213489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2822                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           6675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    144936000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    106342000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    251278000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        10797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.371392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.396156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.381773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62231.000429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59309.537089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60960.213489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    140278000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    102756000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    243034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.371392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.396156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.381773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60231.000429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57309.537089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58960.213489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3936684000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1203.156680                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               7758                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2822                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.749114                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    63.893426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   652.615264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   486.647991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.031198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.318660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.237621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.587479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1714                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          838                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          868                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.836914                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            18802                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           18802                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3936684000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1288946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1288946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1288946                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1288946                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           9793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               9793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          9793                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              9793                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    312412000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    312412000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    312412000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    312412000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1298739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1298739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1298739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1298739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31901.562340                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31901.562340                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31901.562340                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31901.562340                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    292826000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    292826000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    292826000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    292826000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29901.562340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29901.562340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29901.562340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29901.562340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       9538                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1288946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1288946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          9793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              9793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    312412000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    312412000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1298739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1298739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31901.562340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31901.562340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    292826000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    292826000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29901.562340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29901.562340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3936684000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               248.144049                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1101115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  9538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                115.445062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   248.144049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.969313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.969313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1308532                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1308532                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3936684000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          426                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         8670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         8670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       291072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       291072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  291072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6252000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           22023250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3936684000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          149056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          114752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              263808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       149056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         149056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        27264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            27264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2329                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1793                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           426                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 426                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           37863339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           29149406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               67012745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      37863339                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          37863339                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         6925626                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               6925626                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         6925626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          37863339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          29149406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              73938370                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       314.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2329.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1688.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003996168750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            16                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            16                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9466                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 267                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4122                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         426                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4122                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       426                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     105                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    112                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10                99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 73                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      39569000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    20085000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                114887750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9850.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28600.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2634                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      224                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  65.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 71.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4122                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   426                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4017                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1442                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     190.846047                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    130.521544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    209.015404                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           660     45.77%     45.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          429     29.75%     75.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          164     11.37%     86.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           70      4.85%     91.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           39      2.70%     94.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           20      1.39%     95.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           11      0.76%     96.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.49%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           42      2.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1442                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      249.375000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     126.634627                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     396.039034                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63               6     37.50%     37.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             2     12.50%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            3     18.75%     68.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      6.25%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      6.25%     81.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      6.25%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      6.25%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      6.25%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.687500                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.673679                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.704154                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 2     12.50%     12.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      6.25%     18.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                13     81.25%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  257088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     6720                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    18112                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   263808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 27264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         65.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          4.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      67.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       6.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3906542000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      858958.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       149056                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       108032                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        18112                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 37863338.789702191949                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 27442385.520402450114                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 4600826.482389747165                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2329                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1793                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          426                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     67253500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     47634250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  88792801500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28876.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26566.79                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 208433806.34                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2927400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1555950                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy              9988860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              187920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      310393200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         477041550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1109967840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1912062720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         485.703887                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2880858250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    131300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    924525750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7368480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3916440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             18692520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1289340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      310393200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         888466980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         763504320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1993631280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         506.424006                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1975998500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    131300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1829385500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3936684000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3936684000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3936684000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           375692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               375692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          378494                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              378494                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           9563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               9563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9813                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9813                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    262709000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    262709000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    268100000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    268100000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       385255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           385255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       388307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          388307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.024823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27471.400188                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27471.400188                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27320.900846                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27320.900846                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            4714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  4714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    243585000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    243585000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    248476000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    248476000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25471.609328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25471.609328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25321.104657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25321.104657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9556                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          235389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              235389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    171269000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    171269000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       242341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          242341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.028687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24635.932106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24635.932106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    157367000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    157367000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22636.219793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22636.219793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         140303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             140303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     91440000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     91440000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       142914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         142914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35021.064726                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35021.064726                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     86218000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86218000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018270                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018270                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33021.064726                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33021.064726                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          2802                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              2802                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          250                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             250                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5391000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5391000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3052                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3052                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.081913                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.081913                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        21564                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        21564                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          250                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          250                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      4891000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4891000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.081913                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081913                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        19564                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19564                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3936684000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               237.298246                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  381224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 39.893679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   237.298246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.926946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.926946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                398119                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               398119                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3936684000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3936684000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3936684000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                8808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3522                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5286                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               8808                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          6271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             10798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            10798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    221801000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    161594000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    383395000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    221801000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    161594000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    383395000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           19606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          19606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.550750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.550750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35369.319088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35695.604153                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35506.112243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35369.319088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35695.604153                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35506.112243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3469                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3469                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    209259000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    152542000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    361801000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    209259000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    152542000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    361801000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33369.319088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33696.045947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33506.297462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33369.319088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33696.045947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33506.297462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13558                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               8808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            10798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    221801000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    161594000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    383395000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          19606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.550750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35369.319088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35695.604153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35506.112243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    209259000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    152542000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    361801000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33369.319088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33696.045947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33506.297462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3936684000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              494.156238                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  22559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.663888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    78.426431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   266.658384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   149.071423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.153177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.520817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.291155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.965149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                38390                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               38390                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3936684000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                19606                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               19605                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          4714                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        24339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        19586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   43925                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       929664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       626752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1556416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            48965000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             43176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            49060000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3936684000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3936684000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3936684000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3936684000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7690961000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  99237                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34228772                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   170837                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    20.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              381566106                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000232                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3443427                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007691                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7690961000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            382111                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000232                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3443427                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      448689                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            58                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      319526                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            68                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2597892                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           122                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7690950                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7690950                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1852858                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1171713                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       281928                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  33358                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         33358                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                58285                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               27033                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       57029                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3413162                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3413162                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7007588                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2716839                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      448639                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        768151                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     319512                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  8006      0.23%      0.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2637186     76.59%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5270      0.15%     76.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        98      0.00%     76.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     462      0.01%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     5582      0.16%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      612      0.02%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4702      0.14%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    7659      0.22%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 737      0.02%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1884      0.05%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 180      0.01%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               2745      0.08%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                179      0.01%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   443926     12.89%     90.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  317958      9.23%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4713      0.14%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1554      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3443453                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    21                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         5084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           12238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5084                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7154                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          12238                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          5887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3231                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2656                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         5887                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    201900000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    152134000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    354034000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    201900000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    152134000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    354034000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.388575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.270744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.324800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.388575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.270744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.324800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62488.393686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57279.367470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60138.270766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62488.393686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57279.367470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60138.270766                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1281                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1281                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         5887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         5887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    195438000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    146822000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    342260000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    195438000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    146822000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    342260000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.388575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.270744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.388575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.270744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60488.393686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55279.367470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58138.270766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60488.393686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55279.367470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58138.270766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  4975                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          12238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         5887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    201900000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    152134000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    354034000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.388575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.270744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.324800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62488.393686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57279.367470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60138.270766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    195438000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    146822000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    342260000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.388575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.270744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60488.393686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55279.367470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58138.270766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12629                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12629                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12629                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12629                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7690961000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1461.281671                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              18780                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             4975                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.774874                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   113.229811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   623.192050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   724.859809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.055288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.304293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.353935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.713516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1796                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.876953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            37525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           37525                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7690961000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2583995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2583995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2583995                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2583995                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13897                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13897                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    437613000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    437613000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    437613000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    437613000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2597892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2597892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2597892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2597892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31489.745988                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31489.745988                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31489.745988                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31489.745988                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    409819000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    409819000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    409819000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    409819000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29489.745988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29489.745988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29489.745988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29489.745988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13641                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2583995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2583995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    437613000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    437613000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2597892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2597892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31489.745988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31489.745988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    409819000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    409819000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29489.745988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29489.745988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7690961000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.964881                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2317765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13641                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                169.911663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.964881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.984238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2611789                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2611789                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7690961000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5887                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5887                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1281                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        13055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        13055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  13055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       458752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       458752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  458752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            12292000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           31413500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7690961000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          206784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          169984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              376768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       206784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         206784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        81984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            81984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3231                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2656                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5887                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1281                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1281                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           26886627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           22101789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               48988416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      26886627                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          26886627                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        10659786                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              10659786                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        10659786                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          26886627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          22101789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              59648203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       749.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3231.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2329.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005788364500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            42                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            42                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                14360                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 691                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5887                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1281                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5887                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1281                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     327                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    532                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10                99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.25                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      56803500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    27800000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                161053500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10216.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28966.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3537                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      588                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  63.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5887                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1281                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2167                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     185.650208                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    127.475276                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    206.041980                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1003     46.29%     46.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          650     30.00%     76.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          251     11.58%     87.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           89      4.11%     91.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           54      2.49%     94.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           32      1.48%     95.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           17      0.78%     96.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           12      0.55%     97.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           59      2.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2167                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           42                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      132.214286                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      60.859823                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     270.179483                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              28     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             5     11.90%     78.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            3      7.14%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      2.38%     88.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      2.38%     90.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      2.38%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      2.38%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      2.38%     97.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      2.38%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             42                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           42                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.452381                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.429478                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.889022                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                11     26.19%     26.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      2.38%     28.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                30     71.43%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             42                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  355840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    20928                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    46912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   376768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 81984                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         46.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          6.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      48.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      10.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7690121000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1072840.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       206784                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       149056                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        46912                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 26886627.041796207428                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 19380672.974417630583                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 6099627.861849774607                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3231                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2656                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1281                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     94108500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     66945000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 192311819000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29126.74                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25205.20                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 150126322.40                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5283600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2808300                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             14187180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              668160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      606649680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         856218660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2232302880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3718118460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         483.440036                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5794640500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    256620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1639700500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              10195920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5415465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             25511220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             3158100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      606649680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1349085120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1817257440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3817272945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         496.332376                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4710611500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    256620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2723729500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7690961000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7690961000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7690961000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           739532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               739532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          742801                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              742801                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          24941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              24941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         25388                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             25388                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    546897000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    546897000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    567090000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    567090000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       764473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           764473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       768189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          768189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.032625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.033049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21927.629205                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21927.629205                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22336.930833                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22336.930833                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16889                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16889                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         24941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    497015000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    497015000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    516316000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    516316000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19927.629205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19927.629205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20337.009611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20337.009611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      25131                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          425888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              425888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    391453000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    391453000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       444969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          444969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.042882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20515.329385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20515.329385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    353291000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    353291000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18515.329385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18515.329385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         313644                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             313644                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    155444000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    155444000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       319504                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         319504                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018341                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018341                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26526.279863                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26526.279863                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    143724000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    143724000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018341                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018341                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24526.279863                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24526.279863                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3269                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3269                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          447                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             447                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     20193000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     20193000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3716                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3716                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.120291                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.120291                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45174.496644                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45174.496644                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          447                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          447                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19301000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19301000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.120291                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120291                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43178.970917                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43178.970917                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7690961000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               246.427348                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  756063                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 25131                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 30.084875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.427348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.962607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.962607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                793576                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               793576                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7690961000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7690961000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7690961000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            5582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           15577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               21159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           5582                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          15577                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              21159                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          8315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          9811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18126                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    303533000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274352000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    577885000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    303533000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274352000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    577885000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        25388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           39285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        25388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          39285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.461397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.461397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36504.269393                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27963.714198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31881.551363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36504.269393                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27963.714198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31881.551363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12629                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12629                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    286903000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254732000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    541635000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    286903000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254732000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    541635000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34504.269393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25963.918051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29881.661701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34504.269393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25963.918051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29881.661701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     29344                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           5582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          15577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              21159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    303533000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274352000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    577885000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        25388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          39285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.461397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36504.269393                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27963.714198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31881.551363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    286903000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254732000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    541635000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34504.269393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25963.918051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29881.661701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16889                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16889                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16889                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16889                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7690961000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              502.866518                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  50866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                29344                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.733438                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   122.587106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   209.366802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   170.912609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.239428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.408920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.333814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.982161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                86030                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               86030                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7690961000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                39285                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               39284                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16889                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        67664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        27794                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   95458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2705664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       889408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3595072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            69485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            123730000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           126935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7690961000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7690961000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7690961000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7690961000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12306795000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 104524                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34248356                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   185630                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    28.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              428780065                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5327912                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012307                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12306795000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            571740                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5327912                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      652226                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           136                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      459533                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           124                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3982733                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           252                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12306784                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12306784                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2769514                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1764629                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       422909                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 276565                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        276565                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               508184                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              238546                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       88313                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5116288                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5116288                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10136760                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4060192                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      652058                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1111575                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     459517                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 11422      0.21%      0.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4010505     75.27%     75.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17688      0.33%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       175      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   12161      0.23%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      484      0.01%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    18674      0.35%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      612      0.01%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     6294      0.12%     76.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   24924      0.47%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    141      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               33653      0.63%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 372      0.01%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               24481      0.46%     78.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3131      0.06%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              49569      0.93%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2094      0.04%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   614629     11.54%     90.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  441620      8.29%     98.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               37429      0.70%     99.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              17897      0.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5327955                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    48                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        11729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        10262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           21991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        11729                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        10262                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          21991                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         7303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         14142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7303                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6839                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        14142                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    467840000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    410091000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    877931000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    467840000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    410091000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    877931000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        19032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        36133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        19032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        36133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.383722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.399918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.391387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.383722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.399918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.391387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64061.344653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59963.591168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62079.691698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64061.344653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59963.591168                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62079.691698                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         5074                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             5074                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        14142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        14142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    453234000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    396413000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    849647000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    453234000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    396413000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    849647000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.383722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.399918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.383722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.399918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62061.344653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57963.591168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60079.691698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62061.344653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57963.591168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60079.691698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 14106                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        11729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        10262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          21991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6839                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        14142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    467840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    410091000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    877931000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        19032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        36133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.383722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.399918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.391387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64061.344653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59963.591168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62079.691698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    453234000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    396413000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    849647000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.383722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.399918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62061.344653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57963.591168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60079.691698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        17986                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        17986                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        17986                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17986                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12306795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1668.941005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              44404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            14106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.147880                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   139.877472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   561.170518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   967.893015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.068300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.274009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.472604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.814913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1603                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            70273                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           70273                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12306795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3948234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3948234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3948234                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3948234                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          34499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              34499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         34499                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             34499                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1047778000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1047778000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1047778000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1047778000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3982733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3982733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3982733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3982733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.008662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.008662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30371.257138                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30371.257138                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30371.257138                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30371.257138                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         34499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        34499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    978782000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    978782000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    978782000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    978782000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28371.315111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28371.315111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28371.315111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28371.315111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      34242                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3948234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3948234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         34499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             34499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1047778000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1047778000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3982733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3982733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30371.257138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30371.257138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        34499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    978782000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    978782000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28371.315111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28371.315111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12306795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.478308                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3944468                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 34242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                115.193855                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.478308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4017231                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4017231                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12306795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               14142                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14142                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5074                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        33358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        33358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  33358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1229824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1229824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1229824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            39512000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           75754000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12306795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          467392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          437696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              905088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       467392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         467392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       324736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           324736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6839                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                14142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5074                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5074                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           37978369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           35565393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               73543762                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      37978369                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          37978369                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        26386724                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              26386724                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        26386724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          37978369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          35565393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              99930486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4283.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7303.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6458.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005788364500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           245                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           245                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                35657                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4015                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        14142                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5074                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      14142                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5074                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     381                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    791                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                94                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     151987250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    68805000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                410006000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11044.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29794.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8534                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3367                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  14142                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5074                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    13761                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6116                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     188.504905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    127.120325                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    211.721723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2902     47.45%     47.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1799     29.41%     76.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          565      9.24%     86.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          297      4.86%     90.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          171      2.80%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          123      2.01%     95.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           57      0.93%     96.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           52      0.85%     97.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          150      2.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6116                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       55.775510                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      33.805458                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     122.167526                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             206     84.08%     84.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            19      7.76%     91.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           10      4.08%     95.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            4      1.63%     97.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.41%     97.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.41%     98.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.41%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.41%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.387755                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.361457                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.945575                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                75     30.61%     30.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      2.04%     32.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               160     65.31%     97.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      2.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            245                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  880704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    24384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   272640                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   905088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                324736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         71.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         22.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      73.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      26.39                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12306389000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      640424.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       467392                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       413312                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       272640                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 37978368.860454730690                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 33584048.487035006285                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 22153615.137003581971                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7303                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6839                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5074                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    224051250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    185954750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 301491926750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30679.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27190.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  59418984.38                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              16422000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               8728500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             41019300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10163340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      971131200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1965705990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3070477920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6083648250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         494.332460                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7962183000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    410800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3933812000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              27274800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              14481720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             57234240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            12073860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      971131200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2950868340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2240867520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6273931680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         509.794116                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5795997000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    410800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6099998000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12306795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12306795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12306795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1057267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1057267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1065637                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1065637                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          44616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              44616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         46079                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             46079                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1058424000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1058424000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1156418000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1156418000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1101883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1101883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1111716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1111716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.040491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.041449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23722.969338                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23722.969338                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25096.421363                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25096.421363                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           28022                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 28022                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         44616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    969192000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    969192000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1064260000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1064260000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21722.969338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21722.969338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23096.421363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23096.421363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      45823                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          612091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              612091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         30298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             30298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    657013000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    657013000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       642389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          642389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.047165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21685.028715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21685.028715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    596417000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    596417000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19685.028715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19685.028715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         445176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             445176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        14318                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            14318                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    401411000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    401411000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       459494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         459494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031160                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031160                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28035.409973                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28035.409973                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    372775000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    372775000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031160                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031160                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26035.409973                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26035.409973                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97994000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     97994000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66981.544771                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66981.544771                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     95068000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95068000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64981.544771                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64981.544771                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12306795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               250.017704                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1031470                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 45823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.509875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   250.017704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.976632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.976632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1157795                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1157795                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12306795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12306795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12306795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           15466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           28978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               44444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          15466                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          28978                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              44444                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         19033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         17101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             36134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        19033                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            36134                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    700650000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    618726000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1319376000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    700650000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    618726000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1319376000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        34499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        46079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           80578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        34499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        46079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          80578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.448435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.448435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36812.378500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36180.691188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36513.422262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36812.378500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36180.691188                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36513.422262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          17986                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                17986                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    662586000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    584524000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1247110000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    662586000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    584524000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1247110000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34812.483581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34180.691188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34513.477611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34812.483581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34180.691188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34513.477611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     50421                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          15466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          28978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              44444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        19033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            36134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    700650000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    618726000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1319376000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        34499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        46079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          80578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.448435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36812.378500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36180.691188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36513.422262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    662586000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    584524000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1247110000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34812.483581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34180.691188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34513.477611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        28022                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        28022                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        28022                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        28022                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12306795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.292157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 105343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                50421                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.089268                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   109.585375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   199.291854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   197.414928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.214034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.389242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.385576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.988852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               159533                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              159533                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12306795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                80578                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               80577                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         28022                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       120180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        68997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  189177                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4742464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2207872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6950336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           172490000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            220688000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           230395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12306795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12306795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12306795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12306795000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                16330231000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 116942                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34253052                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   212680                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    34.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              477413927                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000047                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7274833                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.016330                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16330231000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            830002                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000047                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7274833                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      857272                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           239                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      572851                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           144                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5278516                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           357                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         16330220                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   16330220                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3955626                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2364817                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       600869                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 294254                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        294254                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               537559                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              253509                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      140554                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7050113                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7050113                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13810145                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5619148                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      857000                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1429834                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     572834                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 13396      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5627435     77.35%     77.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17800      0.24%     77.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       175      0.00%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   12562      0.17%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      772      0.01%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20718      0.28%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      648      0.01%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7334      0.10%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   26017      0.36%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    199      0.00%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               35973      0.49%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 694      0.01%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               24761      0.34%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3155      0.04%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              51302      0.71%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2108      0.03%     80.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   815386     11.21%     91.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  553133      7.60%     99.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               41614      0.57%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              19701      0.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7274883                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    60                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        15015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        13867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           28882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        15015                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        13867                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          28882                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         9275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         21450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9275                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12175                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        21450                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    594781000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    732949000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1327730000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    594781000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    732949000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1327730000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        24290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        26042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        50332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        24290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        26042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        50332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.381844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.467514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.426170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.381844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.467514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.426170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64127.331536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60201.149897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61898.834499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64127.331536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60201.149897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61898.834499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         7737                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             7737                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        21450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        21450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    576231000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    708599000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1284830000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    576231000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    708599000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1284830000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.381844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.467514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.381844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.467514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62127.331536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58201.149897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59898.834499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62127.331536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58201.149897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59898.834499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 22351                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        15015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        13867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          28882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        21450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    594781000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    732949000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1327730000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        24290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        26042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        50332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.381844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.467514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.426170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64127.331536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60201.149897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61898.834499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    576231000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    708599000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1284830000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.381844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.467514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62127.331536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58201.149897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59898.834499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        21751                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        21751                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        21751                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21751                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16330231000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1762.333413                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              68192                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            22351                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.050960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   158.998510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   517.670424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1085.664480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.077636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.252769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.530110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.860514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          611                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            96482                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           96482                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16330231000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5234682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5234682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5234682                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5234682                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          43834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              43834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         43834                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             43834                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1332130000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1332130000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1332130000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1332130000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5278516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5278516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5278516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5278516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.008304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.008304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30390.336269                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30390.336269                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30390.336269                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30390.336269                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         43834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1244462000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1244462000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1244462000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1244462000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28390.336269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28390.336269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28390.336269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28390.336269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      43578                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5234682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5234682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         43834                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             43834                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1332130000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1332130000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5278516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5278516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30390.336269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30390.336269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1244462000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1244462000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28390.336269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28390.336269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16330231000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.099602                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4350566                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 43578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 99.833999                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.099602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5322350                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5322350                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16330231000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               21450                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              21450                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7737                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        50637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        50637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  50637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1867968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1867968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1867968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            60135000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          114786250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16330231000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          593600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          779200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1372800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       593600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         593600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       495168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           495168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             9275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                21450                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          7737                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                7737                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           36349761                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           47715185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               84064947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      36349761                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          36349761                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        30322168                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              30322168                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        30322168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          36349761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          47715185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             114387114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      6821.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      9275.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     11722.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005788364500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           388                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           388                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                53802                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                6417                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        21450                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        7737                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      21450                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      7737                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     453                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    916                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     223175000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   104985000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                616868750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10628.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29378.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     13558                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5511                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  21450                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  7737                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    20997                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         8725                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     203.875759                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    134.074716                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    231.584525                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3928     45.02%     45.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2603     29.83%     74.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          848      9.72%     84.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          417      4.78%     89.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          259      2.97%     92.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          173      1.98%     94.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           95      1.09%     95.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          100      1.15%     96.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          302      3.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          8725                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          388                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       53.693299                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      34.237872                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     105.604627                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             321     82.73%     82.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            38      9.79%     92.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           14      3.61%     96.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            4      1.03%     97.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      1.03%     98.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.26%     98.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            2      0.52%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            2      0.52%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.26%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.26%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            388                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          388                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.523196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.500681                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.872774                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                93     23.97%     23.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      1.29%     25.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               284     73.20%     98.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 6      1.55%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            388                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1343808                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    28992                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   435136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1372800                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                495168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         82.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         26.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      84.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      30.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    16329152000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      559466.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       593600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       750208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       435136                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 36349761.372022233903                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 45939827.795454941690                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 26646040.708181042224                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         9275                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12175                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         7737                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    285133000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    331735750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 391937498500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30742.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27247.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  50657554.41                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              24325980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              12929565                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             65031120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            17909820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1288900080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2934548100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3799610400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8143255065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         498.661352                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9846944250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    545220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5938066750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              37984800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              20181810                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             84887460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            17580960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1288900080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4169713590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2759471040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8378719740                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         513.080295                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7130398500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    545220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8654612500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16330231000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16330231000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16330231000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1363170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1363170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1371540                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1371540                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          57070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              57070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         58533                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             58533                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1593308000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1593308000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1691302000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1691302000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1420240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1420240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1430073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1430073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.040183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.040930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27918.486070                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27918.486070                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28894.845643                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28894.845643                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           33074                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 33074                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         57070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        58533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1479170000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1479170000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1574238000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1574238000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25918.521114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25918.521114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26894.879811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26894.879811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      58276                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          806761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              806761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         40674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             40674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1108280000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1108280000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       847435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          847435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.047997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27247.873334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27247.873334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        40674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1026934000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1026934000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25247.922506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25247.922506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         556409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             556409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16396                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16396                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    485028000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    485028000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       572805                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         572805                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028624                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.028624                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29582.093193                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29582.093193                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    452236000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    452236000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028624                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028624                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27582.093193                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27582.093193                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97994000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     97994000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66981.544771                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66981.544771                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     95068000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95068000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64981.544771                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64981.544771                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16330231000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.491619                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1423961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 58276                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 24.434776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.491619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.982389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.982389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1488605                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1488605                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16330231000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16330231000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16330231000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           19544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           32490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               52034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          19544                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          32490                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              52034                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         24290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         26043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        24290                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        26043                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50333                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    892001000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1047145000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1939146000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    892001000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1047145000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1939146000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        43834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        58533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          102367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        43834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        58533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         102367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.554136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.444929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.491692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.554136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.444929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.491692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36722.972417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40208.309335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38526.334611                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36722.972417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40208.309335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38526.334611                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          21751                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                21751                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        24290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        24290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    843421000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    995061000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1838482000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    843421000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    995061000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1838482000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.554136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.444929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.554136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.444929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34722.972417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38208.386131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36526.374347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34722.972417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38208.386131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36526.374347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     67137                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          19544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          32490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              52034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        24290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        26043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    892001000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1047145000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1939146000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        43834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        58533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         102367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.554136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.444929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.491692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36722.972417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40208.309335                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38526.334611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        24290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    843421000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    995061000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1838482000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.554136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.444929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34722.972417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38208.386131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36526.374347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        33074                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        33074                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        33074                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        33074                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16330231000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.698453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 134660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                67137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.005749                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   100.072840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   177.670689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   229.954924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.195455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.347013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.449131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          338                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               203090                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              203090                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16330231000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               102367                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              102366                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         33074                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       150139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        87668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  237807                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5862784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2805376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8668160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           219170000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            267737000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           292660000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16330231000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16330231000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16330231000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  16330231000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19751087000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 120691                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34253052                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   221407                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    41.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              476733022                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000198                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9172904                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019751                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19751087000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1057769                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000198                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9172904                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1048814                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           239                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      682665                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           148                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6544477                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           357                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19751076                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19751076                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4919970                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2921349                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       725118                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 294254                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        294254                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               537559                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              253509                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      203988                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8948185                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8948185                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17617435                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7179639                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1048542                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1731190                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     682648                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 13397      0.15%      0.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7224151     78.75%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17800      0.19%     79.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       175      0.00%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   12562      0.14%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      772      0.01%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20718      0.23%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      648      0.01%     79.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7334      0.08%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   26017      0.28%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    199      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               35973      0.39%     80.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 694      0.01%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               24761      0.27%     80.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3155      0.03%     80.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              51302      0.56%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2108      0.02%     81.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1006928     10.98%     92.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  662947      7.23%     99.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               41614      0.45%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              19701      0.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9172956                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    60                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        15015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        18922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           33937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        15015                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        18922                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          33937                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         9282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        14573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         23855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9282                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        14573                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        23855                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    595216000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    879463000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1474679000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    595216000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    879463000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1474679000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        24297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        57792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        24297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        57792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.382022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.435080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.412773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.382022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.435080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.412773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64125.834949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60348.795718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61818.444770                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64125.834949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60348.795718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61818.444770                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         8707                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             8707                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        23855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        23855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    576652000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    850317000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1426969000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    576652000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    850317000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1426969000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.382022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.435080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.412773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.382022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.435080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.412773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62125.834949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58348.795718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59818.444770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62125.834949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58348.795718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59818.444770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 25259                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        15015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        18922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          33937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        14573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        23855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    595216000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    879463000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1474679000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        24297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        57792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.382022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.435080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.412773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64125.834949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60348.795718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61818.444770                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    576652000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    850317000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1426969000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.382022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.435080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.412773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62125.834949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58348.795718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59818.444770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23490                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23490                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23490                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23490                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19751087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1811.810400                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              73116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            25259                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.894651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   158.890336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   433.386025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1219.534038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.077583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.211614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.595476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.884673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          303                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1663                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           108589                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          108589                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19751087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6500636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6500636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6500636                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6500636                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          43841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              43841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         43841                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             43841                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1332684000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1332684000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1332684000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1332684000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6544477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6544477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6544477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6544477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.006699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.006699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30398.120481                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30398.120481                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30398.120481                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30398.120481                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         43841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1245002000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1245002000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1245002000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1245002000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28398.120481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28398.120481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28398.120481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28398.120481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      43585                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6500636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6500636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         43841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             43841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1332684000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1332684000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6544477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6544477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30398.120481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30398.120481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1245002000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1245002000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28398.120481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28398.120481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19751087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.428748                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4351060                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 43585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 99.829299                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.428748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6588318                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6588318                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19751087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               23855                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              23855                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8707                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        56417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        56417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  56417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2083968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2083968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2083968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            67390000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          127602750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19751087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          594048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          932672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1526720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       594048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         594048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       557248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           557248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             9282                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            14573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                23855                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          8707                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                8707                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           30076724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           47221300                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               77298024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      30076724                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          30076724                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        28213536                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              28213536                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        28213536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          30076724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          47221300                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             105511560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      7789.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      9282.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     14071.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005788364500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           442                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           442                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                60353                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                7337                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        23855                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        8707                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      23855                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      8707                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     502                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    918                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     246282500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   116765000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                684151250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10546.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29296.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     15180                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     6368                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  65.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  23855                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  8707                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    23353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         9574                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     208.043451                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    136.092195                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    236.103325                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4218     44.06%     44.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2923     30.53%     74.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          896      9.36%     83.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          455      4.75%     88.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          297      3.10%     91.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          208      2.17%     93.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          119      1.24%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          107      1.12%     96.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          351      3.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          9574                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          442                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       52.656109                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      33.942724                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     101.507590                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             366     82.81%     82.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            44      9.95%     92.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           15      3.39%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            5      1.13%     97.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      0.90%     98.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.23%     98.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            3      0.68%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            2      0.45%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.23%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.23%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            442                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          442                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.581448                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.560933                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.832405                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                93     21.04%     21.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      1.13%     22.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               338     76.47%     98.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 6      1.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            442                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1494592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    32128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   497344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1526720                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                557248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         75.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         25.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      77.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      28.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19749060000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      606506.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       594048                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       900544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       497344                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 30076724.384840186685                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 45594655.119487851858                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 25180588.794935692102                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         9282                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        14573                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         8707                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    285334750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    398816500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 474551335000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30740.65                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27366.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  54502278.05                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              25811100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              13715130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             69058080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            19230480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1558727040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3309645720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4797347520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9793535070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         495.847903                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12436550250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    659360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6655176750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              42561540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              22618200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             97682340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            21334140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1558727040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5085080580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3302244480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10130248320                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         512.895737                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8532549250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    659360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  10559177750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19751087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19751087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19751087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1655752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1655752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1664122                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1664122                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          65842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              65842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         67305                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             67305                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1896526000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1896526000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1994520000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1994520000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1721594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1721594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1731427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1731427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28804.197928                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28804.197928                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29634.053934                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29634.053934                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           35143                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 35143                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        65842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         65842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        67305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1764844000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1764844000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1859912000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1859912000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26804.228304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26804.228304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27634.083649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27634.083649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      67048                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          990010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              990010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         48967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             48967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1389091000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1389091000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1038977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1038977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.047130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28367.900831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28367.900831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        48967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1291159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1291159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26367.941675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26367.941675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         665742                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             665742                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16875                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16875                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    507435000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    507435000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       682617                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         682617                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024721                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.024721                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30070.222222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30070.222222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    473685000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    473685000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024721                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024721                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28070.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28070.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97994000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     97994000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66981.544771                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66981.544771                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     95068000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95068000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64981.544771                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64981.544771                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19751087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.272464                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1716492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 67048                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.600943                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.272464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1798731                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1798731                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19751087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19751087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19751087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           19544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           33809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               53353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          19544                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          33809                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              53353                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         24297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             57793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        24297                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33496                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            57793                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    892513000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1285752000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2178265000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    892513000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1285752000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2178265000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        43841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        67305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          111146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        43841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        67305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         111146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.554207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.519974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.554207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.519974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36733.465037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38385.240029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37690.810306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36733.465037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38385.240029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37690.810306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          23490                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                23490                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        24297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        57793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        24297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        57793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    843919000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1218762000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2062681000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    843919000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1218762000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2062681000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.554207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.554207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34733.465037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36385.299737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35690.844912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34733.465037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36385.299737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35690.844912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     75549                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          19544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          33809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              53353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        24297                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            57793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    892513000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1285752000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2178265000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        43841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        67305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         111146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.554207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.519974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36733.465037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38385.240029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37690.810306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        24297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        57793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    843919000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1218762000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2062681000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.554207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.497675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34733.465037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36385.299737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35690.844912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35143                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35143                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35143                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35143                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19751087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.443474                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 145653                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                75549                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.927928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    91.927002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   146.993866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   269.522605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.179545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.287097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.526411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          283                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               222350                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              222350                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19751087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               111146                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              111145                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         35143                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       169752                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        87682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  257434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6556608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2805824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9362432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           219205000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            286861000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           336520000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19751087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19751087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19751087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19751087000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                22997837000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 124268                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34253052                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   228586                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    48.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              476270476                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000542                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11037802                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.022998                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 22997837000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1279272                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000542                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11037802                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1243939                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           239                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      790584                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           148                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7816701                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           357                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         22997826                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   22997826                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5881550                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3460645                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       845570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 294254                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        294254                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               537559                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              253509                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      268702                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10813082                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10813082                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21404680                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8715114                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1243667                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2034234                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     790567                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 13398      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8786004     79.60%     79.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17800      0.16%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       175      0.00%     79.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   12562      0.11%     80.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      772      0.01%     80.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20718      0.19%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      648      0.01%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7334      0.07%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   26017      0.24%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    199      0.00%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               35973      0.33%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 694      0.01%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               24761      0.22%     81.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3155      0.03%     81.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              51302      0.46%     81.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2108      0.02%     81.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1202053     10.89%     92.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  770866      6.98%     99.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               41614      0.38%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              19701      0.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11037854                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    60                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        15015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        21039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           36054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        15015                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        21039                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          36054                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         9283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        15056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         24339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9283                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15056                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        24339                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    595282000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    909463000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1504745000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    595282000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    909463000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1504745000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        24298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        36095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        60393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        24298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        36095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        60393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.382048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.417121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.403010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.382048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.417121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.403010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64126.036842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60405.353348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61824.438145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64126.036842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60405.353348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61824.438145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         8925                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             8925                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        24339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        24339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    576716000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    879351000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1456067000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    576716000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    879351000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1456067000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.382048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.417121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.382048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.417121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62126.036842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58405.353348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59824.438145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62126.036842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58405.353348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59824.438145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 25900                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        15015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        21039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          36054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9283                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        24339                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    595282000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    909463000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1504745000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        24298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        36095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        60393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.382048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.417121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.403010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64126.036842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60405.353348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61824.438145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    576716000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    879351000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1456067000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.382048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.417121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62126.036842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58405.353348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59824.438145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        24153                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        24153                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        24153                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        24153                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22997837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1845.154778                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              74355                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            25900                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.870849                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   160.694816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   375.842808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1308.617154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.078464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.183517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.638973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1985                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           112494                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          112494                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22997837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7772859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7772859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7772859                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7772859                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          43842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              43842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         43842                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             43842                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1332767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1332767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1332767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1332767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7816701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7816701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7816701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7816701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30399.320286                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30399.320286                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30399.320286                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30399.320286                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         43842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1245083000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1245083000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1245083000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1245083000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28399.320286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28399.320286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28399.320286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28399.320286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      43586                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7772859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7772859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         43842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             43842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1332767000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1332767000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7816701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7816701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30399.320286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30399.320286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1245083000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1245083000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28399.320286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28399.320286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22997837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.650571                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4351140                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 43586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 99.828844                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.650571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7860543                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7860543                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22997837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               24339                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              24339                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8925                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        57603                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        57603                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  57603                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2128896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2128896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2128896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            68964000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          130199250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22997837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          594112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          963584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1557696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       594112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         594112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       571200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           571200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             9283                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            15056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                24339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          8925                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                8925                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           25833386                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           41898897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               67732283                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      25833386                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          25833386                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        24837118                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              24837118                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        24837118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          25833386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          41898897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              92569401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      7988.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      9283.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     14534.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005788364500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           453                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           453                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                62331                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                7523                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        24339                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        8925                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      24339                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      8925                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     522                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    937                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.62                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     251700000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   119085000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                698268750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10568.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29318.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     15418                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     6543                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  24339                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  8925                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    23817                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         9823                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     207.082969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    135.370078                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    235.555382                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4370     44.49%     44.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2969     30.22%     74.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          913      9.29%     84.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          464      4.72%     88.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          308      3.14%     91.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          214      2.18%     94.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          120      1.22%     95.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          107      1.09%     96.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          358      3.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          9823                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          453                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       52.454746                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      34.080147                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     100.330894                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             376     83.00%     83.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            45      9.93%     92.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           15      3.31%     96.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            5      1.10%     97.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      0.88%     98.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.22%     98.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            3      0.66%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            2      0.44%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.22%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.22%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            453                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          453                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.587196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.566898                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.827895                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                94     20.75%     20.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      1.10%     21.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               348     76.82%     98.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 6      1.32%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            453                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1524288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    33408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   509888                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1557696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                571200                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         66.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         22.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      67.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      24.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    22764156000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      684348.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       594112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       930176                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       509888                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 25833385.983212247491                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 40446238.487558633089                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 22171128.528304640204                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         9283                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        15056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         8925                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    285367250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    412901500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 490467908500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30740.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27424.38                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  54954387.51                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              26275200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              13965600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             69750660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            19465380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1815031920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3437817060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5936165760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11318471580                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         492.153744                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15395710250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    767780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6834346750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              43861020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              23312685                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            100302720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            22122360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1815031920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5357081730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4319942880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11681655315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         507.945826                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11175736500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    767780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11054320500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22997837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22997837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22997837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1954435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1954435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1962805                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1962805                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          70203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              70203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         71666                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             71666                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2001377000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2001377000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2099371000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2099371000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2024638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2024638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2034471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2034471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.034674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.035226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28508.425566                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28508.425566                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29293.821338                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29293.821338                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           36256                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 36256                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        70203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         70203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        71666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1860973000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1860973000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1956041000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1956041000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26508.454055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26508.454055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27293.849245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27293.849245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      71409                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1180849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1180849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         53253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             53253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1492815000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1492815000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1234102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1234102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.043151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28032.505211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28032.505211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        53253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1386311000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1386311000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26032.542768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26032.542768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         773586                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             773586                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16950                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16950                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    508562000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    508562000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       790536                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         790536                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021441                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.021441                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30003.657817                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30003.657817                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    474662000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    474662000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021441                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021441                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28003.657817                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28003.657817                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97994000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     97994000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66981.544771                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66981.544771                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     95068000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95068000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64981.544771                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64981.544771                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22997837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.798703                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1921425                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 71409                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 26.907323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.798703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.987495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2106136                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2106136                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22997837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22997837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22997837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           19544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           35570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               55114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          19544                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          35570                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              55114                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         24298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         36096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             60394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        24298                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        36096                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            60394                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    892590000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1348586000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2241176000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    892590000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1348586000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2241176000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        43842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        71666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          115508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        43842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        71666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         115508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.554217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.522856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.554217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.522856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36735.122232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37361.092642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37109.249263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36735.122232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37361.092642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37109.249263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          24153                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                24153                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        24298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        60394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        24298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        60394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    843994000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1276396000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2120390000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    843994000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1276396000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2120390000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.554217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.554217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34735.122232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35361.148050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35109.282379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34735.122232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35361.148050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35109.282379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     78661                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          19544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          35570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              55114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        24298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        36096                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            60394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    892590000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1348586000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2241176000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        43842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        71666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         115508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.554217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.522856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36735.122232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37361.092642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37109.249263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        24298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        60394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    843994000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1276396000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2120390000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.554217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.522856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34735.122232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35361.148050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35109.282379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        36256                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36256                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        36256                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36256                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22997837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.945571                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 149991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                78661                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.906803                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    91.836501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   126.353033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   290.756038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.179368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.246783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.567883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               230937                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              230937                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22997837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               115508                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              115507                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         36256                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       179587                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        87684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  267271                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6906944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2805888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9712832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           219210000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            296788000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           358325000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22997837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22997837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22997837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  22997837000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                26261300000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 127242                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34253052                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   234487                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    55.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              477362007                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12899921                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.026261                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26261300000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1500721                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12899921                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1438890                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           239                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      898056                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           148                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9087711                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           357                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         26261300                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   26261300                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6844259                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4000109                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       966090                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 294254                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        294254                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               537559                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              253509                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      333328                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12675201                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12675201                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25186264                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10248312                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1438619                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2336658                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     898039                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 13398      0.10%      0.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10345699     80.20%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17800      0.14%     80.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       175      0.00%     80.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   12562      0.10%     80.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      772      0.01%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20718      0.16%     80.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      648      0.01%     80.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7334      0.06%     80.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   26017      0.20%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    199      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               35973      0.28%     81.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 694      0.01%     81.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               24761      0.19%     81.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3155      0.02%     81.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              51302      0.40%     81.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2108      0.02%     81.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1397005     10.83%     92.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  878338      6.81%     99.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               41614      0.32%     99.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              19701      0.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12899973                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    60                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        15015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        22883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           37898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        15015                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        22883                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          37898                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         9283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        15778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         25061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         9283                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15778                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        25061                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    595282000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    962500000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1557782000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    595282000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    962500000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1557782000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        24298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        62959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        24298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        62959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.382048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.408112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.398053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.382048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.408112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.398053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64126.036842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61002.661934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62159.610550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64126.036842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61002.661934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62159.610550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         9218                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             9218                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        25061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15778                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        25061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    576716000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    930944000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1507660000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    576716000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    930944000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1507660000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.382048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.408112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.382048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.408112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62126.036842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59002.661934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60159.610550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62126.036842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59002.661934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60159.610550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 26836                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        15015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        22883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          37898                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         9283                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        25061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    595282000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    962500000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1557782000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        24298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        62959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.382048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.408112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.398053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64126.036842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61002.661934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62159.610550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    576716000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    930944000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1507660000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.382048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.408112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62126.036842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59002.661934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60159.610550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        25299                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        25299                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        25299                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        25299                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26261300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1870.362132                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              88258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            28884                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.055602                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   161.566243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   332.368225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1376.427664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.078890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.162289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.672084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.913263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          629                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1331                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           117142                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          117142                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26261300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9043869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9043869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9043869                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9043869                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          43842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              43842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         43842                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             43842                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1332767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1332767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1332767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1332767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9087711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9087711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9087711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9087711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30399.320286                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30399.320286                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30399.320286                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30399.320286                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         43842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1245083000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1245083000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1245083000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1245083000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28399.320286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28399.320286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28399.320286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28399.320286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      43586                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9043869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9043869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         43842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             43842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1332767000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1332767000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9087711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9087711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30399.320286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30399.320286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1245083000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1245083000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28399.320286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28399.320286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26261300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.818263                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9087711                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 43842                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                207.283222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.818263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9131553                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9131553                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26261300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               25061                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              25061                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9218                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        59340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        59340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  59340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2193856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2193856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2193856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            71151000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          134194000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26261300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          594112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1009792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1603904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       594112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         594112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       589952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           589952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             9283                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            15778                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                25061                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          9218                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                9218                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           22623099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           38451714                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               61074814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      22623099                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          22623099                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        22464691                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              22464691                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        22464691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          22623099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          38451714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              83539505                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      8162.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      9283.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     15251.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.007317604500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           463                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           463                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                64896                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                7693                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        25061                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        9218                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      25061                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      9218                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     527                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1056                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.67                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     267132500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   122670000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                727145000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10888.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29638.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     15591                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     6700                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  63.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  25061                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  9218                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    24534                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        10389                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     201.320628                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    131.366032                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    232.517658                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4849     46.67%     46.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3024     29.11%     75.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          924      8.89%     84.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          465      4.48%     89.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          318      3.06%     92.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          215      2.07%     94.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          122      1.17%     95.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          107      1.03%     96.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          365      3.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         10389                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          463                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       52.984881                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      34.453339                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      99.696389                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             381     82.29%     82.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            48     10.37%     92.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           16      3.46%     96.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            6      1.30%     97.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      0.86%     98.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.22%     98.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            3      0.65%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            2      0.43%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.22%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.22%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            463                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          463                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.596112                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.576142                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.821087                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                94     20.30%     20.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      1.08%     21.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               358     77.32%     98.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 6      1.30%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            463                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1570176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    33728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   521408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1603904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                589952                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         59.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         19.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      61.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      22.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    26260642000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      766085.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       594112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       976064                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       521408                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 22623099.389596097171                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 37167390.799389213324                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 19854614.965748075396                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         9283                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        15778                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         9218                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    285367250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    441777750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 619213606000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30740.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27999.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  67174398.57                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              27574680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              14656290                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             71035860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            19491480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2072566080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3623000370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7033391520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12861716280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         489.759314                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18244786250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    876720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7139793750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              46609920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              24769965                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            104136900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            23035860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2072566080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5724582390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5263638240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13259339355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         504.900342                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13623400750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    876720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11761179250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26261300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26261300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26261300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2252650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2252650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2261020                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2261020                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          74411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              74411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         75874                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             75874                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2126403000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2126403000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2224397000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2224397000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2327061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2327061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2336894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2336894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.032468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28576.460470                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28576.460470                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29316.986056                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29316.986056                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           37505                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 37505                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        74411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         74411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        75874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1977581000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1977581000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2072649000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2072649000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26576.460470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26576.460470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27316.986056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27316.986056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      75618                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1371871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1371871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         57182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             57182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1613623000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1613623000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1429053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1429053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.040014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28219.072435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28219.072435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        57182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1499259000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1499259000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26219.072435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26219.072435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         880779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             880779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        17229                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            17229                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    512780000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    512780000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       898008                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         898008                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019186                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019186                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29762.609554                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29762.609554                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        17229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    478322000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    478322000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019186                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019186                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27762.609554                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27762.609554                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     97994000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     97994000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66981.544771                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66981.544771                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     95068000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95068000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64981.544771                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64981.544771                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26261300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.196525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2336894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 75874                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 30.799668                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.196525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2412768                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2412768                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26261300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26261300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26261300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           19544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           37213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               56757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          19544                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          37213                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              56757                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         24298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         38661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             62959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        24298                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        38661                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            62959                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    892590000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1433537000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2326127000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    892590000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1433537000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2326127000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        43842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        75874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          119716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        43842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        75874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         119716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.554217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.509542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.525903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.554217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.509542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.525903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36735.122232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37079.666848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36946.695468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36735.122232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37079.666848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36946.695468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          25299                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                25299                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        24298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        24298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    843994000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1356215000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2200209000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    843994000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1356215000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2200209000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.554217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.509542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.525903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.554217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.509542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.525903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34735.122232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35079.666848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34946.695468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34735.122232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35079.666848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34946.695468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     82275                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          19544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          37213                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              56757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        24298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        38661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            62959                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    892590000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1433537000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2326127000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        43842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        75874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         119716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.554217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.509542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.525903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36735.122232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37079.666848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36946.695468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        24298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    843994000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1356215000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2200209000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.554217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.509542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.525903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 34735.122232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35079.666848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34946.695468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        37505                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        37505                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        37505                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        37505                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26261300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.325142                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 157221                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                82787                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.899103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    90.583666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   110.702819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   308.038657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.176921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.216216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.601638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          348                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               240008                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              240008                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26261300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               119716                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              119716                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         37505                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       189253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        87684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  276937                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7256256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2805888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10062144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           219210000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            307241000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           379370000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26261300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26261300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26261300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  26261300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
