
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4267436000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 205845                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1307164                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   389299                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     4.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              878103492                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000033                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1891410                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4267436000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            238611                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000033                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1891410                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      245397                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            52                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      142936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            64                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1298739                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           112                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4267425                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4267425                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1102429                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              577236                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       175136                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   7373                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          7373                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                11135                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5646                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       47413                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1884136                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1884136                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3636587                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1503064                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      245357                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        388279                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     142922                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  2746      0.15%      0.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1495081     79.04%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       33      0.00%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        98      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     128      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1860      0.10%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      270      0.01%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     1290      0.07%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1614      0.09%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   1      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  34      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  1      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   243786     12.89%     92.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  142442      7.53%     99.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                1571      0.08%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                480      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1891436                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1288946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1288946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1288946                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1288946                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           9793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               9793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          9793                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              9793                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    513680000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    513680000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    513680000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    513680000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1298739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1298739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1298739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1298739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52453.793526                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52453.793526                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52453.793526                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52453.793526                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    494094000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    494094000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    494094000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    494094000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50453.793526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50453.793526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50453.793526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50453.793526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       9538                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1288946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1288946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          9793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              9793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    513680000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    513680000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1298739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1298739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52453.793526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52453.793526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    494094000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    494094000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50453.793526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50453.793526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               248.549749                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1101115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  9538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                115.445062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   248.549749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.970897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.970897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1308532                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1308532                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10797                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10797                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3469                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        25063                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        25063                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  25063                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       913024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       913024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  913024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            28142000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           57471750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          401344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          289664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              691008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       401344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         401344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       222016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           222016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6271                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10797                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3469                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3469                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           94048042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           67877761                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              161925803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      94048042                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          94048042                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        52025619                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              52025619                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        52025619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          94048042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          67877761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             213951422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2000.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6271.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4052.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002239296750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           113                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           113                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                25160                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1859                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10797                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3469                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10797                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3469                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     474                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1469                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      89909000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    51615000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                283465250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8709.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27459.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7308                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1645                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  70.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10797                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3469                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10323                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3341                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     235.503143                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    151.377696                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    257.769497                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1351     40.44%     40.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          924     27.66%     68.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          424     12.69%     80.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          206      6.17%     86.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           92      2.75%     89.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           81      2.42%     92.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           47      1.41%     93.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           50      1.50%     95.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          166      4.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3341                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          113                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       91.265487                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     166.121998                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              71     62.83%     62.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            21     18.58%     81.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            7      6.19%     87.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            8      7.08%     94.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      1.77%     96.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.88%     97.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.88%     98.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            1      0.88%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.88%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            113                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          113                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.451327                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.424808                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.954231                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                32     28.32%     28.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      1.77%     30.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                76     67.26%     97.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      1.77%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.88%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            113                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  660672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    30336                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   126208                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   691008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                222016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        154.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         29.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     161.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      52.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4266976000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      299101.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       401344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       259328                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       126208                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 94048041.962433636189                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 60769042.582009427249                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 29574667.317799255252                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4526                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3469                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    170096750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    113368500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 105044588750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27124.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25048.28                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  30280942.27                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10045980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5335770                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             35592900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             4113360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      336822720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1271726430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         567768000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2231405160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         522.891301                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1463836250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    142480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2661119750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13815900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7343325                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             38113320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             6180480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      336822720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1274689860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         565272480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2242238085                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         525.429810                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1455700500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    142480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2669255500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           375692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               375692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          378494                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              378494                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           9563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               9563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9813                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9813                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    392040000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    392040000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    397584000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    397584000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       385255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           385255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       388307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          388307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.024823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40995.503503                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40995.503503                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40516.050138                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40516.050138                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            4714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  4714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    372916000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    372916000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    377960000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    377960000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38995.712642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38995.712642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38516.253949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38516.253949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9556                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          235389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              235389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    295669000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    295669000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       242341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          242341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.028687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42530.063291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42530.063291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    281767000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    281767000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40530.350978                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40530.350978                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         140303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             140303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     96371000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     96371000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       142914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         142914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36909.613175                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36909.613175                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     91149000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91149000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018270                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018270                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34909.613175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34909.613175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          2802                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              2802                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          250                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             250                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5544000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5544000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3052                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3052                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.081913                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.081913                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        22176                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        22176                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          250                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          250                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5044000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5044000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.081913                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081913                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        20176                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20176                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               237.712786                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  381224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 39.893679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   237.712786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.928566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.928566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                398119                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               398119                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                8808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3522                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5286                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               8808                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          6271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             10798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            10798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    423069000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291078000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    714147000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    423069000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291078000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    714147000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           19606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          19606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.550750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.550750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67464.359751                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64298.210736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66136.969809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67464.359751                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64298.210736                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66136.969809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3469                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3469                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    410527000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    282026000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    692553000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    410527000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    282026000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    692553000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65464.359751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62298.652529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64137.155029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65464.359751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62298.652529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64137.155029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13558                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               8808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            10798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    423069000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291078000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    714147000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          19606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.550750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67464.359751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64298.210736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66136.969809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    410527000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    282026000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    692553000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65464.359751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62298.652529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64137.155029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              494.985703                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  22559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.663888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    78.200595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   267.785773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   148.999335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.152736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.523019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.291014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.966769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                38390                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               38390                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                19606                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               19605                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          4714                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        24339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        19586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   43925                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       929664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       626752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1556416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            48965000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             43176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            49060000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4267436000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8309103000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 211042                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1310568                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   363310                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              876748688                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000026                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3443137                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008309                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8309103000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            382174                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000026                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3443137                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      448743                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            58                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      319504                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            68                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2597500                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           122                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8309092                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8309092                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1853037                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1171440                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       281991                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  33059                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         33059                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                57589                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               26772                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       57029                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3413130                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3413130                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7008014                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2716750                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      448693                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        768183                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     319490                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  8005      0.23%      0.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2637152     76.59%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5225      0.15%     76.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        98      0.00%     76.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     462      0.01%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     5574      0.16%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      618      0.02%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4712      0.14%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    7624      0.22%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 707      0.02%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1814      0.05%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 175      0.01%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               2640      0.08%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                174      0.01%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   443964     12.89%     90.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  317959      9.23%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4729      0.14%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1531      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3443163                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    21                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2583599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2583599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2583599                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2583599                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13901                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13901                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    701450000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    701450000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    701450000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    701450000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2597500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2597500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2597500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2597500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50460.398532                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50460.398532                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50460.398532                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50460.398532                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    673648000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    673648000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    673648000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    673648000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48460.398532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48460.398532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48460.398532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48460.398532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13645                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2583599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2583599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    701450000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    701450000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2597500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2597500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50460.398532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50460.398532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    673648000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    673648000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48460.398532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48460.398532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.159834                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2318326                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13645                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                169.902968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.159834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.984999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2611401                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2611401                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               18127                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18127                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        12628                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        48882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        48882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  48882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1968320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1968320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1968320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            81267000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           96396500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          532416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          627712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1160128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       532416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         532416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       808192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           808192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             8319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             9808                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                18127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         12628                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               12628                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           64076231                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           75545098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              139621329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      64076231                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          64076231                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        97265854                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              97265854                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        97265854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          64076231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          75545098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             236887183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     10849.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      8319.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      8850.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002239296750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           609                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           609                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                48883                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               10218                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        18127                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       12628                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      18127                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     12628                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     958                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1779                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               3433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              3406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     153311750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    85845000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                475230500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8929.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27679.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     12127                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     9361                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  70.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  18127                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 12628                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    17169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6498                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     275.639274                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    172.053800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    292.582281                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2319     35.69%     35.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1815     27.93%     63.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          780     12.00%     75.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          423      6.51%     82.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          245      3.77%     85.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          182      2.80%     88.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          109      1.68%     90.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           93      1.43%     91.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          532      8.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6498                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          609                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       28.164204                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      77.979138                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             565     92.78%     92.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            23      3.78%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            7      1.15%     97.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            8      1.31%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      0.33%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.16%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.16%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            609                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          609                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.763547                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.742774                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.846773                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                95     15.60%     15.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 8      1.31%     16.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               465     76.35%     93.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                29      4.76%     98.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                11      1.81%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21                 1      0.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            609                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1098816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    61312                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   692352                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1160128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                808192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        132.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         83.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     139.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      97.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8308255000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      270143.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       532416                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       566400                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       692352                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 64076230.611174277961                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 68166202.777844980359                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 83324517.700647115707                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         8319                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         9808                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        12628                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    231650500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    243580000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 202050042250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27845.96                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24834.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  16000161.72                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     76.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              20263320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10770210                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             58769340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            26230500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      655820880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2319814500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1237167840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4328836590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         520.975199                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3193570000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    277420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4838113000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              26139540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              13889700                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             63817320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            30239460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      655820880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2449669050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1127816640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4367392590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         525.615411                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2907189750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    277420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5124493250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           739580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               739580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          742835                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              742835                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          24941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              24941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         25386                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             25386                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    901745000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    901745000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    922111000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    922111000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       764521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           764521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       768221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          768221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.032623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.033045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36155.126098                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36155.126098                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36323.603561                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36323.603561                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16887                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16887                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         24941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    851863000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    851863000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    871341000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    871341000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34155.126098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34155.126098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34323.682345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34323.682345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      25129                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          425958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              425958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    725966000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    725966000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       445039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          445039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.042875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38046.538441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38046.538441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    687804000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    687804000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36046.538441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36046.538441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         313622                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             313622                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    175779000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    175779000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       319482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         319482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018342                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018342                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29996.416382                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29996.416382                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    164059000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    164059000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018342                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018342                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27996.416382                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27996.416382                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3255                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3255                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          445                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             445                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     20366000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     20366000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3700                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3700                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.120270                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.120270                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45766.292135                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45766.292135                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          445                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          445                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19478000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19478000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.120270                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120270                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43770.786517                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43770.786517                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               246.607949                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  755787                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 25129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 30.076286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.607949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.963312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.963312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                793606                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               793606                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            5582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           15577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               21159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           5582                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          15577                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              21159                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          8319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          9809                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         8319                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9809                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18128                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    567345000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    629385000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1196730000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    567345000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    629385000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1196730000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        25386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           39287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        25386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          39287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.461425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.461425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68198.701767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64164.033031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66015.556046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68198.701767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64164.033031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66015.556046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12628                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12628                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9809                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18128                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    550707000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    609769000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1160476000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    550707000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    609769000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1160476000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66198.701767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62164.236925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64015.666372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66198.701767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62164.236925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64015.666372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     29346                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           5582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          15577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              21159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         8319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9809                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18128                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    567345000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    629385000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1196730000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        25386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          39287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.461425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68198.701767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64164.033031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66015.556046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    550707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    609769000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1160476000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66198.701767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62164.236925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64015.666372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16887                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16887                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16887                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16887                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.261701                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  50868                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                29346                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.733388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   122.420006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   210.133011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   170.708685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.239102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.410416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.333415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.982933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                86032                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               86032                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                39287                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               39286                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16887                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        67658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        27802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   95460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2705408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       889664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3595072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            69505000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            123722000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           126925000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8309103000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                13412759000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 199454                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1330024                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   354215                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    15.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              891713431                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000018                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5327922                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.013413                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13412759000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            571745                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000018                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5327922                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      652193                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           136                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      459456                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           124                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3982668                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           252                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         13412748                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   13412748                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2769576                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1764650                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       422934                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 276601                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        276601                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               508238                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              238580                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       88307                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5116282                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5116282                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10136849                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4060242                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      652025                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1111465                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     459440                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 11420      0.21%      0.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4010599     75.27%     75.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17688      0.33%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       175      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   12161      0.23%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      484      0.01%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    18676      0.35%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      618      0.01%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     6304      0.12%     76.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   24934      0.47%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    141      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               33653      0.63%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 372      0.01%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               24481      0.46%     78.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3131      0.06%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              49569      0.93%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2094      0.04%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   614580     11.53%     90.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  441551      8.29%     98.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               37445      0.70%     99.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              17889      0.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5327965                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    48                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3948191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3948191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3948191                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3948191                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          34477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              34477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         34477                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             34477                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1655197000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1655197000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1655197000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1655197000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3982668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3982668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3982668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3982668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.008657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.008657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48008.730458                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48008.730458                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48008.730458                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48008.730458                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         34477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        34477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1586245000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1586245000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1586245000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1586245000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46008.788468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46008.788468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46008.788468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46008.788468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      34220                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3948191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3948191                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         34477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             34477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1655197000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1655197000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3982668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3982668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48008.730458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48008.730458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        34477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1586245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1586245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 46008.788468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46008.788468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.621046                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3944338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 34220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                115.264115                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.621046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4017144                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4017144                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               36119                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              36119                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        17984                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        90222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        90222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  90222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3462592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      3462592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3462592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           126039000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          192612250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1217280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1094336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2311616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1217280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1217280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1150976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1150976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            19020                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            17099                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                36119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         17984                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               17984                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           90755377                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           81589179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              172344556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      90755377                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          90755377                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        85812024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              85812024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        85812024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          90755377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          81589179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             258156581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     15249.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     19020.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     15722.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002239296750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           864                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           864                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                90577                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               14375                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        36119                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       17984                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      36119                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     17984                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1377                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   2735                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               3389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               3407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              3063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               3574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              3707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     331245250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   173710000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                982657750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9534.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28284.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     23769                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    13088                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 85.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  36119                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 17984                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    34742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        13107                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     243.958801                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    155.731839                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    265.299747                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5081     38.77%     38.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3862     29.47%     68.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1423     10.86%     79.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          884      6.74%     85.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          419      3.20%     89.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          319      2.43%     91.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          204      1.56%     93.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          176      1.34%     94.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          739      5.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         13107                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          864                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       39.856481                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      89.941388                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             764     88.43%     88.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            48      5.56%     93.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           21      2.43%     96.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           14      1.62%     98.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            3      0.35%     98.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            2      0.23%     98.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            3      0.35%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            3      0.35%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            2      0.23%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            1      0.12%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      0.12%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            1      0.12%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            864                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          864                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.622685                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.598385                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.912762                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               185     21.41%     21.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                15      1.74%     23.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               618     71.53%     94.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                34      3.94%     98.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                11      1.27%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21                 1      0.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            864                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2223488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    88128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   974464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2311616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1150976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        165.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         72.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     172.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      85.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    13412496000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      247906.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1217280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1006208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       974464                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 90755377.025711119175                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 75018719.116626188159                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 72652017.381360545754                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        19020                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        17099                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        17984                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    540693750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    441964000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 323029054250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28427.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25847.36                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  17962024.81                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              40776540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              21673245                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            114589860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            38628000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1058410080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3951734190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1822723680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7048535595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         525.509747                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4701369750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    447720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8263669250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              52836000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              28067820                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            133468020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            40851720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1058410080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4357660260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1480891200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7152185100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         533.237427                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3808003000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    447720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9157036000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1057160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1057160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1065530                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1065530                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          44613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              44613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         46076                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             46076                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1562549000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1562549000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1655307000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1655307000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1101773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1101773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1111606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1111606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.040492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.041450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35024.522000                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35024.522000                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35925.579477                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35925.579477                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           28019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 28019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         44613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1473323000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1473323000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1563155000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1563155000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33024.522000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33024.522000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33925.579477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33925.579477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      45820                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          612061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              612061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         30295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             30295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1134780000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1134780000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       642356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          642356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047162                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.047162                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37457.666282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37457.666282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1074190000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1074190000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35457.666282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35457.666282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         445099                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             445099                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        14318                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            14318                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    427769000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    427769000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       459417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         459417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29876.309540                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29876.309540                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    399133000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    399133000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031166                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031166                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27876.309540                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27876.309540                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92758000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     92758000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63402.597403                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63402.597403                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     89832000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89832000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61402.597403                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61402.597403                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               250.181696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1031510                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 45820                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.512222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   250.181696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.977272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.977272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1157682                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1157682                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           15456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           28977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               44433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          15456                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          28977                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              44433                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         19021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         17099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             36120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        19021                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        17099                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            36120                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1308290000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1117642000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2425932000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1308290000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1117642000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2425932000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        34477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        46076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           80553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        34477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        46076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          80553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.448400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.448400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68781.346932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65363.003684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67163.122924                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68781.346932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65363.003684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67163.122924                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          17984                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                17984                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1270250000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1083444000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2353694000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1270250000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1083444000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2353694000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66781.452079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63363.003684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65163.178295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66781.452079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63363.003684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65163.178295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     50406                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          15456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          28977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              44433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        19021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        17099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            36120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1308290000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1117642000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2425932000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        34477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        46076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          80553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.448400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68781.346932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65363.003684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67163.122924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1270250000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1083444000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2353694000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66781.452079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63363.003684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65163.178295                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        28019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        28019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        28019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        28019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.586690                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 105324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                50406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.089513                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   108.529090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   202.875441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   195.182159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.211971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.396241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.381215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.989427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               159490                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              159490                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                80553                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               80552                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         28019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       120171                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        68953                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  189124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4742080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2206464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6948544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           172380000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            220648000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           230380000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  13412759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17611714000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 196669                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1334980                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   360121                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    20.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              865899255                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000035                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7324548                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017612                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17611714000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            829549                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000035                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7324548                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      882696                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           238                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      592169                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           140                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5299731                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           353                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17611703                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17611703                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3982925                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2384000                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       610481                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 301606                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        301606                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               549410                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              259695                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      134846                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7093420                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7093420                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13837608                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5645345                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      882381                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1474533                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     592152                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 15489      0.21%      0.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5623587     76.78%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    18100      0.25%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1341      0.02%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   12712      0.17%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1442      0.02%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    22135      0.30%     77.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      636      0.01%     77.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     8998      0.12%     77.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   27326      0.37%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    304      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               35973      0.49%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 694      0.01%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               24761      0.34%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3155      0.04%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              51302      0.70%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2108      0.03%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   838935     11.45%     91.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  572279      7.81%     99.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               43446      0.59%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              19873      0.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7324596                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    60                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         9587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         4545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           14132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9587                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4545                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          14132                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1319                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3421                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4740                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     79925000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    205564000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    285489000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     79925000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    205564000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    285489000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        10906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        10906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.429450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.251166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.429450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.251166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60595.147839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60088.862906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60229.746835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60595.147839                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60088.862906                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60229.746835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     77287000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    198722000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    276009000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     77287000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    198722000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    276009000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.429450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.429450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58595.147839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58088.862906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58229.746835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58595.147839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58088.862906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58229.746835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         4545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          14132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     79925000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    205564000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    285489000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        10906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.429450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.251166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60595.147839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60088.862906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60229.746835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     77287000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    198722000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    276009000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.120943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.429450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58595.147839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58088.862906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58229.746835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4326                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4326                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4326                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4326                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17611714000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          552.863770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      13412823000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    38.536847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.583047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   281.743876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.002150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.004218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4949                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1433                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.037758                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            28147                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           28147                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17611714000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5244013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5244013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5244013                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5244013                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          55718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              55718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         55718                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             55718                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2095467000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2095467000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2095467000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2095467000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5299731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5299731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5299731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5299731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37608.438925                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37608.438925                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37608.438925                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37608.438925                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         55718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1984031000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1984031000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1984031000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1984031000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35608.438925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35608.438925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35608.438925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35608.438925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      55462                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5244013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5244013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         55718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             55718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2095467000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2095467000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5299731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5299731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37608.438925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37608.438925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1984031000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1984031000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010513                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010513                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35608.438925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35608.438925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17611714000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.188232                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4747497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 55462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 85.599095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.188232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5355449                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5355449                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17611714000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               40859                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              40859                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        17984                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        90222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        90222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         9480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         9480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  99702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3462592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      3462592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       303360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       303360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3765952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           130779000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           25262500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          192612250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17611714000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1301696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1313280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2614976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1301696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1301696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1150976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1150976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            20339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            20520                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                40859                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         17984                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               17984                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           73910807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           74568551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              148479359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      73910807                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          73910807                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        65352867                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              65352867                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        65352867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          73910807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          74568551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             213832226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     15249.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     20339.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     19134.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002239296750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           864                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           864                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               101117                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               14375                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        40859                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       17984                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      40859                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     17984                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1386                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   2735                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               3636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               3643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              3345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               3574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              3707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     370135500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   197365000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1110254250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9376.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28126.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     27093                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    13088                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 85.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  40859                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 17984                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    39473                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        14517                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     241.134119                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    153.354742                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    265.187974                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5771     39.75%     39.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4221     29.08%     68.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1552     10.69%     79.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          952      6.56%     86.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          452      3.11%     89.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          334      2.30%     91.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          216      1.49%     92.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          190      1.31%     94.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          829      5.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         14517                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          864                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       39.856481                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      89.941388                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             764     88.43%     88.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            48      5.56%     93.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           21      2.43%     96.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           14      1.62%     98.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            3      0.35%     98.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            2      0.23%     98.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            3      0.35%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            3      0.35%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            2      0.23%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            1      0.12%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      0.12%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            1      0.12%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            864                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          864                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.622685                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.598385                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.912762                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               185     21.41%     21.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                15      1.74%     23.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               618     71.53%     94.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                34      3.94%     98.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                11      1.27%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21                 1      0.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            864                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2526272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    88704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   974464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2614976                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1150976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        143.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         55.33                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     148.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      65.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17609709000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      299266.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1301696                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1224576                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       974464                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 73910807.318356409669                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 69531903.595527380705                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 55330446.542568199337                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        20339                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        20520                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        17984                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    576624250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    533630000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 323029054250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28350.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26005.36                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  17962024.81                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              46131540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              24519495                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            132268500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            38628000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1389701040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4757336280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2756720640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9145305495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         519.274018                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7121501750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    587860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   9902352250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              57526980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              30572520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            149568720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            40851720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1389701040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5116115370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2454590880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9238927230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         524.589897                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6331879250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    587860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  10691974750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17611714000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17611714000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17611714000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1407774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1407774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1416144                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1416144                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          57210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              57210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         58673                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             58673                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1982240000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1982240000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2074998000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2074998000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1464984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1464984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1474817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1474817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.039052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.039783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34648.488027                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34648.488027                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35365.466228                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35365.466228                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           33941                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 33941                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         57210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        58673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1867822000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1867822000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1957654000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1957654000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32648.522985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32648.522985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33365.500315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33365.500315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      58416                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          832349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              832349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         40510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             40510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1476397000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1476397000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       872859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          872859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.046411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36445.248087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36445.248087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        40510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1395377000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1395377000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34445.248087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34445.248087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         575425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             575425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16700                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16700                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    505843000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    505843000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       592125                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         592125                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028204                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.028204                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        30290                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        30290                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    472445000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    472445000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028204                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028204                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28290.119760                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28290.119760                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92758000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     92758000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63402.597403                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63402.597403                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     89832000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89832000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61402.597403                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61402.597403                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17611714000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.568886                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1471047                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 58416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.182262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.568886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.982691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.982691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1533489                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1533489                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17611714000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17611714000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17611714000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           25792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           33607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               59399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          25792                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          33607                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              59399                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         29926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         25066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             54992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        29926                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        25066                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            54992                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1527355000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1419922000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2947277000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1527355000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1419922000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2947277000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        55718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        58673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          114391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        55718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        58673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         114391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.537098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.427215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.480737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.537098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.427215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.480737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51037.726392                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56647.331046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53594.650131                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51037.726392                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56647.331046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53594.650131                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          22310                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                22310                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25066                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1467503000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1369792000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2837295000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1467503000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1369792000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2837295000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.537098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.427215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.480737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.537098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.427215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.480737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49037.726392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54647.410835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51594.686500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49037.726392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54647.410835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51594.686500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     72161                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          25792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          33607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              59399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        29926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        25066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            54992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1527355000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1419922000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2947277000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        55718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        58673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         114391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.537098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.427215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.480737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51037.726392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56647.331046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53594.650131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1467503000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1369792000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2837295000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.537098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.427215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.480737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49037.726392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54647.410835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51594.686500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        33941                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        33941                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        33941                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        33941                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17611714000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.877322                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 147732                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                72161                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.047255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   101.284243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   199.946077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   206.647002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.197821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.390520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.403607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               221005                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              221005                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17611714000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               114391                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              114390                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         33941                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       151286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       111436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  262722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5927232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3565952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9493184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           278590000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            284096000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           293360000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17611714000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17611714000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17611714000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17611714000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                20890672000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 204740                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1335112                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   377999                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    24.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              855419674                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9231298                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.020891                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 20890672000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1067881                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9231298                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1069447                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           255                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      696052                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           152                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6564295                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           353                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         20890672                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   20890672                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5004279                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2957446                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       746179                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 301606                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        301606                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               549410                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              259695                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      197254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9000174                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9000174                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17612423                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7209883                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1069131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1765167                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     696036                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 15491      0.17%      0.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7239707     78.43%     78.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    18100      0.20%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1341      0.01%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   12712      0.14%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1442      0.02%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    22135      0.24%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      636      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     8998      0.10%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   27326      0.30%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    304      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               35973      0.39%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 694      0.01%     80.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               24761      0.27%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3155      0.03%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              51302      0.56%     80.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2108      0.02%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1025685     11.11%     91.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  676163      7.32%     99.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               43446      0.47%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              19873      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9231352                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    60                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         9587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        10902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           20489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9587                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        10902                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          20489                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          5294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1333                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3961                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         5294                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80723000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    238713000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    319436000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80723000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    238713000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    319436000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        10920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        25783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        10920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        25783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.122070                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.266501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.205329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.122070                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.266501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.205329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60557.389347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60265.841959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60339.251983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60557.389347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60265.841959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60339.251983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         5294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         5294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     78057000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    230791000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    308848000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     78057000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    230791000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    308848000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.122070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.266501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.122070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.266501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58557.389347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58265.841959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58339.251983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58557.389347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58265.841959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58339.251983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        10902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          20489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         5294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     80723000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    238713000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    319436000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        10920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        25783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.122070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.266501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.205329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60557.389347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60265.841959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60339.251983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     78057000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    230791000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    308848000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.122070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.266501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58557.389347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58265.841959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58339.251983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5733                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5733                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5733                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5733                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20890672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1303.557250                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              31516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             5503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.727058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      13412823000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    65.292402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   404.255168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   834.009680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.006363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.009945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5503                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.041985                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            37019                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           37019                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20890672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6508563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6508563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6508563                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6508563                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          55732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              55732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         55732                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             55732                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2096503000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2096503000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2096503000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2096503000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6564295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6564295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6564295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6564295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.008490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.008490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37617.580564                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37617.580564                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37617.580564                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37617.580564                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         55732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1985039000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1985039000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1985039000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1985039000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35617.580564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35617.580564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35617.580564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35617.580564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      55476                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6508563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6508563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         55732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             55732                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2096503000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2096503000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6564295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6564295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 37617.580564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37617.580564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1985039000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1985039000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35617.580564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35617.580564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20890672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.472604                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6564295                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 55732                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                117.783230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.472604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6620027                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6620027                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20890672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               41413                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              41413                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        17984                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        90222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        90222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        10588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        10588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 100810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3462592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      3462592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       338816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       338816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3801408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           131333000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           28221500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          192612250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20890672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1302592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1347840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2650432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1302592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1302592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1150976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1150976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            20353                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            21060                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                41413                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         17984                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               17984                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           62352805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           64518748                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              126871553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      62352805                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          62352805                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        55095212                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              55095212                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        55095212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          62352805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          64518748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             181966765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     15249.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     20353.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     19674.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002239296750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           864                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           864                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               103067                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               14375                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        41413                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       17984                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      41413                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     17984                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1386                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   2735                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               3764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               3643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              3345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               3574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              3707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.20                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     375224000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   200135000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1125730250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9374.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28124.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     27434                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    13088                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 85.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  41413                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 17984                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    40027                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        14731                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     240.051049                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    153.390965                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    263.504494                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5785     39.27%     39.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4374     29.69%     68.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1598     10.85%     79.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          953      6.47%     86.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          452      3.07%     89.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          334      2.27%     91.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          216      1.47%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          190      1.29%     94.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          829      5.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         14731                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          864                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       39.856481                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      89.941388                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             764     88.43%     88.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            48      5.56%     93.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           21      2.43%     96.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           14      1.62%     98.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            3      0.35%     98.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            2      0.23%     98.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            3      0.35%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            3      0.35%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            2      0.23%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            1      0.12%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      0.12%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            1      0.12%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            864                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          864                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.622685                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.598385                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.912762                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               185     21.41%     21.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                15      1.74%     23.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               618     71.53%     94.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                34      3.94%     98.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                11      1.27%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21                 1      0.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            864                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2561728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    88704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   974464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2650432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1150976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        122.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         46.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     126.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      55.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    20277823000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      341394.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1302592                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1259136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       974464                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 62352805.117997162044                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 60272642.258707620203                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 46645890.567809402943                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        20353                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        21060                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        17984                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    576955500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    548774750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 323029054250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28347.44                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26057.68                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  17962024.81                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              46267200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              24591600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            132582660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            38628000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1649079120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4858478220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3930699840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10680326640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         511.248592                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10172684750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    697483250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10020504000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              58912140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              31312545                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            153210120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            40851720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1649079120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5680381170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3238571040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10852317855                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         519.481511                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8365005500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    697483250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11828183250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20890672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20890672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20890672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1690104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1690104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1698474                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1698474                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          65508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              65508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         66971                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             66971                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2166391000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2166391000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2259149000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2259149000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1755612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1755612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1765445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1765445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.037313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.037934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33070.632594                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33070.632594                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33733.242747                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33733.242747                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           35721                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 35721                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        65508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         65508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        66971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2035375000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2035375000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2125207000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2125207000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31070.632594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31070.632594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31733.242747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31733.242747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      66715                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1011645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1011645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         47965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             47965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1613591000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1613591000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1059610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1059610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.045267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33641.009069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33641.009069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        47965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1517661000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1517661000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31641.009069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31641.009069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         678459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             678459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        17543                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            17543                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    552800000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    552800000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       696002                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         696002                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025205                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.025205                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31511.144046                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31511.144046                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17543                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        17543                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    517714000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    517714000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025205                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025205                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29511.144046                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29511.144046                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     92758000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     92758000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63402.597403                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63402.597403                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     89832000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89832000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61402.597403                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61402.597403                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20890672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.264385                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1765445                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 66971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 26.361336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.264385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1832416                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1832416                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20890672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20890672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20890672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           25792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           35009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               60801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          25792                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          35009                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              60801                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         29940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         31962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             61902                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        31962                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            61902                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1528307000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1541652000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3069959000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1528307000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1541652000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3069959000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        55732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        66971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          122703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        55732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        66971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         122703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.537214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.504486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.537214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.504486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51045.657983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48233.902760                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49593.858034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51045.657983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48233.902760                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49593.858034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          23717                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                23717                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        61902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        61902                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1468427000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1477728000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2946155000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1468427000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1477728000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2946155000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.537214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.537214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49045.657983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46233.902760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47593.858034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49045.657983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46233.902760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47593.858034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     80010                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          25792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          35009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              60801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        31962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            61902                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1528307000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1541652000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3069959000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        55732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        66971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         122703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.537214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.504486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51045.657983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48233.902760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49593.858034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        61902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1468427000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1477728000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2946155000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.537214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.477251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49045.657983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46233.902760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47593.858034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35721                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35721                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35721                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35721                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20890672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.524409                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 158424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                80522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.967462                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    94.377390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   168.678585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   245.468434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.184331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.329450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.479431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          343                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               238946                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              238946                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20890672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               122703                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              122703                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         35721                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       169663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       111464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  281127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6572288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3566848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10139136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           278660000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            301308000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           334855000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20890672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20890672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20890672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  20890672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
