
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3662305000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 278394                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1294604                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   580484                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     3.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1018379436                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1001096                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2087516                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003662                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3662305000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            130170                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1001096                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2087516                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      191775                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       52577                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            66                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1432147                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3662294                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3662294                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1162526                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              616429                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       103960                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 567482                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        567482                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               988254                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              539919                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       16395                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1647535                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1647535                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3323260                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1547514                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      191769                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        244343                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      52574                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18742      0.90%      0.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1370232     65.64%     66.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1361      0.07%     66.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      4.56%     71.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   51755      2.48%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.04%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     73.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30630      1.47%     75.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.10%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   37779      1.81%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    548      0.03%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              109561      5.25%     82.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     82.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     82.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               29214      1.40%     83.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               14558      0.70%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              80725      3.87%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    87335      4.18%     92.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   48016      2.30%     94.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104434      5.00%     99.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4558      0.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2087545                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3662305000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3662305000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1430555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1430555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1430555                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1430555                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1592                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1592                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105825000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105825000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105825000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105825000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1432147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1432147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1432147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1432147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.001112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.001112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66472.989950                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66472.989950                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66472.989950                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66472.989950                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102641000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102641000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102641000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102641000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64472.989950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64472.989950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64472.989950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64472.989950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1337                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1430555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1430555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105825000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105825000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1432147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1432147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.001112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66472.989950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66472.989950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102641000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102641000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64472.989950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64472.989950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3662305000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.711371                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  203038                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1337                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                151.860883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.711371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.979341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.979341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1433739                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1433739                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3662305000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4168                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4168                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1682                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        10018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        10018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  10018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       374400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       374400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  374400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            12578000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           22126000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3662305000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           90752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          176000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              266752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        90752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          90752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       107648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           107648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1418                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1682                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1682                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           24780022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           48057166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               72837189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      24780022                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          24780022                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        29393510                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              29393510                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        29393510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          24780022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          48057166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             102230699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1285.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1418.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2380.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001514126500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            73                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            73                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                10178                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1183                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4168                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1682                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4168                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1682                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     370                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    397                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                73                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      33465500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    18990000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                104678000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8811.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27561.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2623                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1059                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  69.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4168                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1682                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3798                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     235.755102                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    152.155720                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    259.677247                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           503     36.66%     36.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          460     33.53%     70.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          139     10.13%     80.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           78      5.69%     86.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           47      3.43%     89.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           32      2.33%     91.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           23      1.68%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           23      1.68%     95.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           67      4.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           73                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       51.821918                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      30.295816                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      97.186439                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              47     64.38%     64.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             17     23.29%     87.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              3      4.11%     91.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             1      1.37%     93.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      1.37%     94.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            3      4.11%     98.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-735            1      1.37%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             73                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           73                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.205479                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.171177                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.092384                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                31     42.47%     42.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      2.74%     45.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                34     46.58%     91.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 6      8.22%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             73                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  243072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    23680                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    80384                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   266752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                107648                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         66.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         21.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      72.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      29.39                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3657177000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      625158.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        90752                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       152320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        80384                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 24780022.417575817555                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 41591292.915254190564                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 21949018.446033306420                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1418                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2750                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1682                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     37440500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     67237500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  81168433750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26403.74                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24450.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  48257094.98                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               4926600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2618550                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             11116980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2542140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      288880800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         995857260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         567708480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1873650810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         511.604252                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1466273000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    122200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2073832000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4869480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2588190                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             16000740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4014180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      288880800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         465756120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1014109440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1796218950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         490.461321                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2631884750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    122200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    908220250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3662305000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3662305000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3662305000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           240201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               240201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          240217                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              240217                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           4101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               4101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          4106                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              4106                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    210911000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    210911000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    211250000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    211250000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       244302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           244302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       244323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          244323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51429.163619                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51429.163619                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51449.098880                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51449.098880                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            2415                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  2415                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          4101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    202711000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    202711000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    203040000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    203040000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49429.651305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49429.651305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49449.585972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49449.585972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       3849                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          190167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              190167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          1587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              1587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     74684000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     74684000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       191754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          191754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47059.861374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47059.861374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     71510000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71510000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45059.861374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45059.861374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          50034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              50034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2514                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2514                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    136227000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    136227000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        52548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          52548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047842                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.047842                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54187.350835                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54187.350835                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2514                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    131201000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131201000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047842                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047842                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52188.146380                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52188.146380                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       339000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       339000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        67800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        67800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       329000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       329000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        65800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3662305000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               247.541089                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  189289                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  3849                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 49.178748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   247.541089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.966957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.966957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                248428                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               248428                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3662305000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3662305000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3662305000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            1355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                1529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            174                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           1355                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               1529                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          2751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              4169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1418                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2751                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             4169                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94641000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    174369000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    269010000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94641000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    174369000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    269010000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            5698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           5698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.669995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.731660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.669995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.731660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66742.595205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63383.860414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64526.265291                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66742.595205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63383.860414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64526.265291                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           1682                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 1682                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91805000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    168869000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    260674000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91805000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    168869000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    260674000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.669995                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.731660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.669995                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.731660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64742.595205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61384.587423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62526.745023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64742.595205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61384.587423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62526.745023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      4841                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           1355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               1529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             4169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94641000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    174369000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    269010000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           5698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.669995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.731660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66742.595205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63383.860414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64526.265291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91805000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    168869000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    260674000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.890704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.669995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.731660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64742.595205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61384.587423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62526.745023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2415                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2415                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2415                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2415                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3662305000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              499.858895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                   6817                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 4841                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.408180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   132.618348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    87.311941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   279.928606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.259020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.170531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.546736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.976287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          282                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                13466                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               13466                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3662305000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 5698                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                5697                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          2415                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        10626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   13810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       417280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       101888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   519168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             7960000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             17773000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            20525000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3662305000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3662305000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3662305000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3662305000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7121104000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 262906                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1295264                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   516325                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     7.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              935511982                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2001165                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3930238                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007121                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7121104000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            242580                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2001165                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3930238                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      371780                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       86425                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2902798                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7121093                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7121093                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1690929                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1088369                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       182672                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1420696                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1420696                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2480285                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             1359446                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       38861                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               2850596                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      2850596                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             5392623                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2413256                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      371774                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        458196                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      86422                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18753      0.48%      0.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2458650     62.56%     63.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1395      0.04%     63.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      2.42%     65.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  131055      3.33%     68.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     68.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     68.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     68.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     68.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     68.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.02%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     68.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    75528      1.92%     70.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.05%     70.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   93899      2.39%     73.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     73.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    548      0.01%     73.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     73.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              278189      7.08%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               74125      1.89%     82.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               36978      0.94%     83.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             204865      5.21%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   109908      2.80%     91.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   81863      2.08%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              261866      6.66%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4559      0.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3930278                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7121104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7121104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2901199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2901199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2901199                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2901199                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1599                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1599                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106398000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106398000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106398000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106398000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2902798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2902798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2902798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2902798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66540.337711                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66540.337711                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66540.337711                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66540.337711                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103200000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103200000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103200000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103200000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64540.337711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64540.337711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64540.337711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64540.337711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1344                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2901199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2901199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106398000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106398000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2902798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2902798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66540.337711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66540.337711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103200000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103200000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64540.337711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64540.337711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7121104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.794405                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  203247                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1344                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                151.225446                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.794405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.987478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2904397                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2904397                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7121104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2805                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        13327                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        13327                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  13327                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       516224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       516224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  516224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            19286000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           27987000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7121104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           91200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          245504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              336704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        91200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          91200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       179520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           179520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3836                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2805                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2805                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           12807003                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           34475553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               47282556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      12807003                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          12807003                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        25209574                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              25209574                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        25209574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          12807003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          34475553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              72492130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2018.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1425.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3403.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001514126500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           114                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           114                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                14243                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1880                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5261                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2805                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5261                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2805                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     433                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    787                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      44145000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    24140000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                134670000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9143.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27893.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3101                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1696                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 84.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5261                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2805                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4828                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2021                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     215.908956                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    137.586986                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    257.031384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           830     41.07%     41.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          703     34.78%     75.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          153      7.57%     83.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           86      4.26%     87.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           51      2.52%     90.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           37      1.83%     92.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           27      1.34%     93.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           28      1.39%     94.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          106      5.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2021                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          114                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       41.964912                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      26.877851                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      79.271565                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              81     71.05%     71.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             23     20.18%     91.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              3      2.63%     93.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      1.75%     95.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      0.88%     96.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            3      2.63%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-735            1      0.88%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            114                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          114                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.456140                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.428722                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.969813                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                33     28.95%     28.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      1.75%     30.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                73     64.04%     94.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 6      5.26%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            114                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  308992                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    27712                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   127360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   336704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                179520                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         43.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         17.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      47.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      25.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7111784000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      881698.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        91200                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       217792                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       127360                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 12807002.959091737866                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 30584021.803360827267                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 17884867.290240392089                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1425                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3836                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2805                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     37687000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     96983000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 162907163000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26447.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25282.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  58077419.96                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     70.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               8175300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4345275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             15036840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             6044760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      561780960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1851432960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1175402880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3622218975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         508.659749                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3037597750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    237640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3845866250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               6254640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3324420                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             19435080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4343040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      561780960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         797252730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2063133600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3455524470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         485.251229                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5355269000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    237640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1528195000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7121104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7121104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7121104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           452039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               452039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          452055                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              452055                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6110                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6110                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    304161000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    304161000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    304500000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    304500000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       458144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           458144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       458165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          458165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49821.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49821.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49836.333879                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49836.333879                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3823                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3823                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291953000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    291953000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    292282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    292282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47821.949222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47821.949222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47836.661211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47836.661211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       5853                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          369569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              369569                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    102878000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102878000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       371759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          371759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46976.255708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46976.255708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     98498000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98498000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44976.255708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44976.255708                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          82470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              82470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3915                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3915                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    201283000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    201283000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        86385                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          86385                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045320                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.045320                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51413.282248                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51413.282248                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    193455000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    193455000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045320                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045320                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49413.793103                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49413.793103                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       339000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       339000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        67800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        67800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       329000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       329000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        65800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7121104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.649676                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  413978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  5853                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 70.729199                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.649676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.983007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.983007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                464274                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               464274                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7121104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7121104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7121104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                2447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            174                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2273                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               2447                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              5262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1425                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3837                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             5262                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95171000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    247319000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    342490000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95171000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    247319000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    342490000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            7709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           7709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.627987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.682579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.627987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.682579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66786.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64456.346104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65087.419232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66786.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64456.346104                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65087.419232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2805                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2805                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92321000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239647000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    331968000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92321000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239647000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    331968000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.627987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.682579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.627987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.682579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64786.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62456.867344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63087.799316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64786.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62456.867344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63087.799316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      6402                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               2447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             5262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95171000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    247319000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    342490000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           7709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.627987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.682579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66786.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64456.346104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65087.419232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92321000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    239647000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    331968000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.627987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.682579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64786.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62456.867344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63087.799316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3823                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3823                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3823                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3823                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7121104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.755964                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  10365                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 6402                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.619025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    88.052978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    45.688780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   372.014206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.171978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.089236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.726590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          289                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                18446                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               18446                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7121104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7709                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                7708                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3823                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        16042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   19240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       635648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       102336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   737984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             7995000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             26824000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            30545000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7121104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7121104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7121104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7121104000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                10572149000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 264890                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1295264                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   509484                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    11.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              932873502                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3001895                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5773898                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.010572                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10572149000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            354902                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3001895                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5773898                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      552050                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      120132                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           111                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4374099                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         10572138                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   10572138                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2218845                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1560109                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       261298                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2275386                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2275386                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3974547                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2180438                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       61325                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4053543                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4053543                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7461575                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3278672                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      552044                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        672173                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     120129                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18753      0.32%      0.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3546392     61.42%     61.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1395      0.02%     61.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      1.65%     63.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  210815      3.65%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.02%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   120456      2.09%     69.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     69.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.04%     69.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  150059      2.60%     71.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     71.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    548      0.01%     71.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     71.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     71.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     71.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              447223      7.75%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              119055      2.06%     81.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               59438      1.03%     82.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             329545      5.71%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   132372      2.29%     90.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  115570      2.00%     92.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              419672      7.27%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4559      0.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5773949                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10572149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10572149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4372500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4372500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4372500                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4372500                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1599                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1599                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106398000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106398000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106398000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106398000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4374099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4374099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4374099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4374099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66540.337711                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66540.337711                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66540.337711                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66540.337711                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103200000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103200000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103200000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103200000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64540.337711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64540.337711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64540.337711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64540.337711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1344                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4372500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4372500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106398000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106398000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4374099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4374099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66540.337711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66540.337711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103200000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103200000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64540.337711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64540.337711                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10572149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.514373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  203247                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1344                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                151.225446                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.514373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4375698                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4375698                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10572149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6195                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6195                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3853                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        16243                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        16243                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  16243                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       643072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       643072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  643072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            25460000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           32989500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10572149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           91200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          305280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              396480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        91200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          91200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       246592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           246592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4770                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3853                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3853                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            8626439                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           28875870                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               37502309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       8626439                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           8626439                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        23324681                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              23324681                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        23324681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           8626439                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          28875870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              60826990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2735.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1425.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4305.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001514126500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           154                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           154                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                17977                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2556                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6195                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3853                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6195                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3853                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     465                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1118                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      53253000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    28650000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                160690500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9293.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28043.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3577                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2318                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 84.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6195                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3853                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5730                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2541                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     212.476978                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    137.424374                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    256.179082                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           949     37.35%     37.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1040     40.93%     78.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          161      6.34%     84.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           87      3.42%     88.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           59      2.32%     90.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           43      1.69%     92.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           28      1.10%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           32      1.26%     94.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          142      5.59%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2541                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          154                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       37.116883                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      25.216978                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      68.972757                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             115     74.68%     74.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             28     18.18%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              4      2.60%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      1.30%     96.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      0.65%     97.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            3      1.95%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-735            1      0.65%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            154                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          154                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.571429                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.548476                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.884560                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                35     22.73%     22.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      1.30%     24.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               111     72.08%     96.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 6      3.90%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            154                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  366720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    29760                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   173184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   396480                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                246592                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         34.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         16.38                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      37.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      23.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    10562829000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1051236.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        91200                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       275520                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       173184                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 8626439.146856520325                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 26060926.685766536742                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 16381153.916767537594                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1425                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4770                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3853                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     37687000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    123003500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 244774932500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26447.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25786.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  63528401.89                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               8489460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4512255                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             15043980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             7793460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      834066480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1943218350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2423311200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5236435185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         495.304709                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6280833500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    352820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3938495500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9653280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5130840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             25868220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             6331860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      834066480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1544674920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2758926720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5184652320                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         490.406664                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7155887500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    352820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3063441500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10572149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10572149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10572149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           664043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               664043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          664059                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              664059                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          8072                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              8072                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    388596000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    388596000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    388935000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    388935000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       672110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           672110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       672131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          672131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48171.067311                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48171.067311                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48183.225966                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48183.225966                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5241                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5241                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    372464000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    372464000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    372793000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    372793000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46171.315235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46171.315235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46183.473736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46183.473736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       7815                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          549295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              549295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    123147000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    123147000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       552029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          552029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45042.794440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45042.794440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    117679000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117679000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43042.794440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43042.794440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         114748                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             114748                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    265449000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    265449000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       120081                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         120081                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044412                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.044412                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49774.798425                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49774.798425                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5333                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254785000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    254785000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044412                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044412                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47775.173448                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47775.173448                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       339000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       339000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        67800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        67800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       329000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       329000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        65800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10572149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.069743                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  636760                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  7815                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 81.479207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.069743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.988554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.988554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                680202                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               680202                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10572149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10572149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10572149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                3475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            174                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               3475                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              6196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1425                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4771                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             6196                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95171000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    310716000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    405887000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95171000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    310716000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    405887000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            9671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           9671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.591056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.640678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.591056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.640678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66786.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65125.969398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65507.908328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66786.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65125.969398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65507.908328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3853                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3853                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92321000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    301176000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    393497000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92321000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    301176000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    393497000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.591056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.591056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64786.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63126.388598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63508.231117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64786.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63126.388598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63508.231117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      7705                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               3475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4771                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             6196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95171000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    310716000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    405887000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           9671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.591056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.640678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66786.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65125.969398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65507.908328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92321000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    301176000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    393497000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.591056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64786.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63126.388598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63508.231117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5241                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5241                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5241                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5241                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10572149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.794192                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  13585                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 7705                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.763141                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    64.452904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    30.846957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   412.494331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.125885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.060248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.805653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          306                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                23129                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               23129                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10572149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 9671                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                9670                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5241                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        21384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   24582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       851968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       102336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   954304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             7995000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             35876000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            40355000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10572149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10572149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  10572149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  10572149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                14022418000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 266578                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1295264                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   507359                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    15.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              934408470                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000400                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7613771                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.014022                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14022418000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            467151                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000400                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7613771                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      731713                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      153917                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           133                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5842706                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         14022407                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   14022407                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2746502                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2031390                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       339898                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3127296                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3127296                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              5464501                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2998706                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       83757                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5254693                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5254693                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             9527551                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4143063                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      731707                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        885621                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     153914                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18763      0.25%      0.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4633497     60.86%     61.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1429      0.02%     61.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      1.25%     62.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  289846      3.81%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.01%     66.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   165294      2.17%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     68.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.03%     68.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  206104      2.71%     71.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     71.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     71.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    548      0.01%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              615544      8.08%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              163906      2.15%     81.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv               81828      1.07%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             453356      5.95%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   154895      2.03%     90.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  149354      1.96%     92.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              576812      7.58%     99.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4560      0.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7613833                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    23                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14022418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14022418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5841103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5841103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5841103                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5841103                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1603                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1603                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106714000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106714000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106714000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106714000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5842706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5842706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5842706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5842706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66571.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66571.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66571.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66571.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103508000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103508000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103508000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103508000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64571.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64571.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64571.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64571.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1348                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5841103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5841103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    106714000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106714000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5842706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5842706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66571.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66571.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103508000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103508000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64571.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64571.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14022418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.879917                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  203275                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1348                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                150.797478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.879917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5844309                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5844309                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14022418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7218                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7218                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4942                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        19378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        19378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  19378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       778240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       778240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  778240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            31928000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           38479000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14022418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           91456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          370496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              461952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        91456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          91456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       316288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           316288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1429                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5789                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4942                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4942                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            6522128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           26421691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               32943819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       6522128                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           6522128                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        22555882                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              22555882                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        22555882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           6522128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          26421691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              55499701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3466.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1429.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5261.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001514126500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           195                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           195                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                21871                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3254                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7218                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4942                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7218                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4942                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     528                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1476                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      64439500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    33450000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                189877000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9632.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28382.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3992                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2967                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  59.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 85.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7218                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4942                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6690                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3175                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     204.275906                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    131.329929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    254.995350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1273     40.09%     40.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1281     40.35%     80.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          173      5.45%     85.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           90      2.83%     88.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           60      1.89%     90.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           47      1.48%     92.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           33      1.04%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           37      1.17%     94.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          181      5.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3175                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          195                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       34.282051                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      24.298350                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      61.863397                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             150     76.92%     76.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             33     16.92%     93.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              5      2.56%     96.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      1.03%     97.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      0.51%     97.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            3      1.54%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-735            1      0.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            195                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          195                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.666667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.647354                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.810159                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                35     17.95%     17.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      1.03%     18.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               151     77.44%     96.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 7      3.59%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            195                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  428160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    33792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   220480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   461952                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                316288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         30.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         15.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      32.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      22.56                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14017898000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1152787.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        91456                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       336704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       220480                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 6522127.638756738976                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 24011835.904478099197                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 15723393.782727058977                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1429                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5789                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4942                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     37817000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    152060000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 326166418250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26463.96                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26267.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  65998870.55                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              11566800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6144105                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             19492200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             8179740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1106352000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2880061800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2959293600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6991090245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         498.565244                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7664923000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    468000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5889495000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              11109840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5905020                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             28274400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             9803160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1106352000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1858158390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3819843840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6839446650                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         487.750875                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9910334250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    468000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3644083750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14022418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14022418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14022418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           875525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               875525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          875541                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              875541                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          10022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              10022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         10027                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             10027                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    478371000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    478371000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    478710000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    478710000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       885547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           885547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       885568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          885568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47732.089403                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47732.089403                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47742.096340                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47742.096340                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            6673                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  6673                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         10022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    458329000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    458329000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    458658000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    458658000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45732.288964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45732.288964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45742.295801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45742.295801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9770                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          728429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              728429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    147370000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    147370000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       731692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          731692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45163.959546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45163.959546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    140844000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    140844000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43163.959546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43163.959546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         147096                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             147096                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6759                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6759                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    331001000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    331001000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       153855                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         153855                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043931                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.043931                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48971.889333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48971.889333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    317485000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    317485000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043931                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043931                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46972.185235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46972.185235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       339000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       339000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        67800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        67800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       329000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       329000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        65800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14022418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.790744                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  856001                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 87.615251                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.790744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                895594                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               895594                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14022418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14022418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14022418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                4411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            174                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4237                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               4411                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          5790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              7219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1429                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5790                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             7219                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95463000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    380277000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    475740000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95463000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    380277000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    475740000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           11630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          11630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.620722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.620722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66804.058782                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65678.238342                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65901.094334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66804.058782                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65678.238342                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65901.094334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4942                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4942                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92605000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    368699000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    461304000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92605000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    368699000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    461304000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891454                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.620722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891454                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.620722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64804.058782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63678.583765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63901.371381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64804.058782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63678.583765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63901.371381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      9148                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               4411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1429                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             7219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     95463000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    380277000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    475740000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          11630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.620722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66804.058782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65678.238342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65901.094334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     92605000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    368699000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    461304000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.891454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.620722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64804.058782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63678.583765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63901.371381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6673                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6673                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6673                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6673                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14022418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.829047                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  16981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 9148                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.856253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    51.833529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    23.412993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   433.582525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.101237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.045729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.846841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          302                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                27963                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               27963                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14022418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                11630                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               11629                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          6673                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        26726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   29932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1068736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       102592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1171328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8015000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             44995000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            50130000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14022418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14022418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14022418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  14022418000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17482595000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 258773                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1295264                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   489356                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    19.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              904389157                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5002206                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9459619                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017483                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17482595000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            579751                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5002206                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9459619                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      912074                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      187813                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           155                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7315680                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17482584                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17482584                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3275832                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2504099                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       418746                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3981966                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3981966                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              6958875                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             3819638                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      106259                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6459828                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6459828                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11600510                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5010269                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      912068                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1099878                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     187810                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18773      0.20%      0.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5723412     60.50%     60.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1463      0.02%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      1.01%     61.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  369429      3.91%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.01%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   210260      2.22%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.02%     67.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  262309      2.77%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    548      0.01%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              784509      8.29%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              208885      2.21%     81.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv              104282      1.10%     82.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             577847      6.11%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   177504      1.88%     90.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  183249      1.94%     92.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              734564      7.77%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4561      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9459692                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    24                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17482595000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17482595000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7314062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7314062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7314062                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7314062                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1618                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1618                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107888000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107888000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107888000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107888000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7315680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7315680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7315680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7315680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66679.851669                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66679.851669                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66679.851669                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66679.851669                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104652000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104652000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104652000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104652000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64679.851669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64679.851669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64679.851669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64679.851669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1363                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7314062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7314062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1618                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1618                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107888000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107888000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7315680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7315680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66679.851669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66679.851669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104652000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104652000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64679.851669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64679.851669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17482595000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.101605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  450006                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1363                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                330.158474                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.101605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7317298                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7317298                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17482595000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8232                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8232                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6052                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        22516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        22516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  22516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       914176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       914176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  914176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            38492000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           43932750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17482595000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           92416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          434432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              526848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        92416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          92416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       387328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           387328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6788                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6052                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6052                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            5286172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           24849400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               30135572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       5286172                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           5286172                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        22155063                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              22155063                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        22155063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           5286172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          24849400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              52290635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4199.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1444.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6229.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001514126500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           236                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           236                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                25834                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3951                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8232                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6052                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8232                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6052                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     559                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1853                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      75366500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    38365000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                219235250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9822.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28572.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4432                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3604                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  57.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 85.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8232                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6052                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3818                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     198.705081                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    127.674648                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    252.917450                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1589     41.62%     41.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1538     40.28%     81.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          180      4.71%     86.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           95      2.49%     89.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           69      1.81%     90.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           52      1.36%     92.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           37      0.97%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           41      1.07%     94.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          217      5.68%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3818                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          236                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       32.500000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      23.827331                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      56.627450                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             184     77.97%     77.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             39     16.53%     94.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              6      2.54%     97.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      0.85%     97.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      0.42%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            3      1.27%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-735            1      0.42%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            236                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          236                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.716102                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.699283                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.755065                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                36     15.25%     15.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      0.85%     16.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               191     80.93%     97.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 7      2.97%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            236                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  491072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    35776                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   267584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   526848                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                387328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         28.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         15.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      30.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      22.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17473275000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1223276.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        92416                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       398656                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       267584                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 5286171.761114411056                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 22803022.091400045902                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 15305736.934362433851                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1444                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6788                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6052                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     38290750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    180944500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 408427450750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26517.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26656.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  67486360.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     67.69                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              14558460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7738005                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             23055060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            11953800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1379866800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3662515620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3629092800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8728780545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         499.284033                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9398406000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    583700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7500489000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              12702060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6751305                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             31730160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             9871020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1379866800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2245813680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4822104960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8508839985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.703489                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12511424250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    583700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4387470750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17482595000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17482595000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17482595000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1087881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1087881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1087897                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1087897                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          11912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              11912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         11917                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             11917                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    566700000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    566700000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    567039000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    567039000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1099793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1099793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1099814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1099814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47573.875084                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47573.875084                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47582.361333                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47582.361333                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8068                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8068                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         11912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    542878000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    542878000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    543207000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    543207000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45574.042982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45574.042982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45582.529160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45582.529160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      11660                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          908286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              908286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    170566000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    170566000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       912053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          912053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45279.001858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45279.001858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    163032000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    163032000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43279.001858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43279.001858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         179595                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             179595                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8145                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8145                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    396134000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    396134000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       187740                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         187740                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043384                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.043384                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48635.236341                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48635.236341                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    379846000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    379846000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043384                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043384                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46635.481891                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46635.481891                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       339000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       339000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        67800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        67800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       329000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       329000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        65800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17482595000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.228003                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1048151                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 11660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 89.892882                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.228003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1111730                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1111730                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17482595000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17482595000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17482595000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                5302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            174                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5128                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               5302                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              8233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1444                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6789                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             8233                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96544000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    449192000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    545736000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96544000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    449192000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    545736000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        11917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           13535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        11917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          13535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.608275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.608275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66858.725762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66164.678156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66286.408357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66858.725762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66164.678156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66286.408357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6052                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6052                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93656000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    435616000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    529272000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93656000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    435616000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    529272000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64858.725762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64164.972750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64286.651281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64858.725762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64164.972750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64286.651281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     10597                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               5302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1444                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             8233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    449192000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    545736000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          13535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.608275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66858.725762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66164.678156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66286.408357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93656000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    435616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    529272000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.569690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64858.725762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64164.972750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64286.651281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8068                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8068                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8068                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8068                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17482595000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.456646                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  20449                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                10597                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.929697                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    43.564039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    19.387253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   446.505354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.085086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.037866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.872081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          281                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                32712                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               32712                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17482595000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                13535                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               13534                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8068                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        31901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   35137                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1278976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       103552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1382528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8090000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             53875000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            59580000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17482595000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17482595000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17482595000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17482595000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                20922661000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 252753                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1295264                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   475926                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    23.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              881365347                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000014                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11297950                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.020923                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 20922661000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            691763                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000014                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11297950                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1091766                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      221427                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           175                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8782920                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         20922650                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   20922650                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3802291                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2974537                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       497155                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4834136                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4834136                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              8448932                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             4638203                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      128661                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7659294                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7659294                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13663430                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5873216                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1091760                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1313184                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     221424                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18773      0.17%      0.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6808393     60.26%     60.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1463      0.01%     60.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      0.84%     61.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  448808      3.97%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.01%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   255064      2.26%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.02%     67.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  318314      2.82%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    548      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              952996      8.44%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              253691      2.25%     81.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv              126680      1.12%     82.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             702022      6.21%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   199906      1.77%     90.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  216863      1.92%     92.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              891854      7.89%     99.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4561      0.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11298033                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    24                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20922661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20922661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8781302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8781302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8781302                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8781302                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1618                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1618                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107888000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107888000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107888000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107888000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8782920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8782920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8782920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8782920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66679.851669                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66679.851669                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66679.851669                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66679.851669                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104652000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104652000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104652000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104652000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64679.851669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64679.851669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64679.851669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64679.851669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1363                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8781302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8781302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1618                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1618                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107888000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107888000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8782920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8782920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66679.851669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66679.851669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104652000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104652000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64679.851669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64679.851669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20922661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.249318                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  450006                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1363                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                330.158474                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.249318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8784538                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8784538                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20922661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                9165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7041                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        25371                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        25371                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  25371                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1037184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1037184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1037184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            44370000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           48923500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20922661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           92416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          494144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              586560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        92416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          92416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       450624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           450624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 9165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          7041                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                7041                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            4417029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           23617646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               28034675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       4417029                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           4417029                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        21537605                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              21537605                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        21537605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           4417029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          23617646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              49572280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4917.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1444.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7130.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001514126500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           276                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           276                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                29506                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4630                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         9165                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        7041                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       9165                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      7041                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     591                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   2124                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      83849000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    42870000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                244611500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9779.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28529.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4924                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4231                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  57.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   9165                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  7041                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8574                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4318                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     199.692450                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    129.423781                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    253.610566                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1674     38.77%     38.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1888     43.72%     82.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          190      4.40%     86.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           99      2.29%     89.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           72      1.67%     90.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           56      1.30%     92.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           40      0.93%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           44      1.02%     94.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          255      5.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4318                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          276                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       31.057971                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      23.297834                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      52.715810                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             219     79.35%     79.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             43     15.58%     94.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              7      2.54%     97.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      0.72%     98.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      0.36%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            3      1.09%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-735            1      0.36%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            276                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          276                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.753623                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.738457                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.716675                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                37     13.41%     13.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      0.72%     14.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               229     82.97%     97.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 8      2.90%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            276                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  548736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    37824                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   313600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   586560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                450624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         26.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         14.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      28.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      21.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    20922333000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1291023.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        92416                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       456320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       313600                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 4417028.981160665862                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 21809845.315564785153                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 14988533.246320819482                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1444                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7721                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         7041                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     38290750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    206320750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 490052520500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26517.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26722.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  69599846.68                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     67.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              14794080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7863240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             23062200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            13357980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1651537680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3745533270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4880168640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10336317090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         494.024976                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12649972250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    698620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7574068750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              16043580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               8523570                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             38156160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            12220020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1651537680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2995259370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5511978240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10233718620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         489.121275                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14296650750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    698620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5927390250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20922661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20922661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20922661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1299279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1299279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1299295                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1299295                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          13810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              13810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         13815                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             13815                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    649490000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    649490000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    649829000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    649829000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1313089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1313089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1313110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1313110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47030.412744                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47030.412744                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47037.929786                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47037.929786                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9421                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9421                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13815                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13815                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    621872000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    621872000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    622201000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    622201000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45030.557567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45030.557567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45038.074557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45038.074557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      13558                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1087434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1087434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    191168000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    191168000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1091745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1091745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44344.235676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44344.235676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    182546000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    182546000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42344.235676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42344.235676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         211845                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             211845                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    458322000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    458322000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       221344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         221344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042915                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.042915                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48249.499947                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48249.499947                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    439326000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    439326000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042915                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042915                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46249.710496                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46249.710496                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       339000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       339000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        67800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        67800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       329000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       329000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        65800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20922661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.519351                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1262551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 13558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 93.122216                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.519351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1326924                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1326924                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20922661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20922661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20922661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                6267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            174                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6093                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               6267                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          7722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              9166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1444                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7722                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             9166                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96544000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    511896000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    608440000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96544000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    511896000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    608440000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           15433                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          15433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.593922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.593922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66858.725762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66290.598291                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66380.100371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66858.725762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66290.598291                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66380.100371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7041                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7041                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93656000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    496454000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    590110000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93656000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    496454000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    590110000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.593922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.593922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64858.725762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64290.857291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64380.318569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64858.725762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64290.857291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64380.318569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     11838                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               6267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1444                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             9166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    511896000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    608440000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          15433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.593922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66858.725762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66290.598291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66380.100371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93656000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    496454000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    590110000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.593922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64858.725762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64290.857291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64380.318569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9421                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9421                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9421                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9421                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20922661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.874820                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  23527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                11838                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.987413                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    39.079750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    16.225832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   454.569237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.076328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.031691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.887831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          305                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                37204                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               37204                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20922661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                15433                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               15432                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9421                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        37050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   40286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1487040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       103552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1590592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8090000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             62538000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            69070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20922661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20922661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20922661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  20922661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                24380833000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 252075                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1295264                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   473198                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    27.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              877965988                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13140546                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.024381                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 24380833000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            804184                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13140546                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1271684                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            33                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      255256                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           199                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    10253712                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            95                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         24380833                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   24380833                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4330764                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3446544                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       575876                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5687305                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5687305                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              9941084                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             5457676                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      151126                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8862227                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8862227                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15732433                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6738890                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1271678                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1526932                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     255254                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 18783      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7897123     60.10%     60.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1497      0.01%     60.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     95123      0.72%     60.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  527952      4.02%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      916      0.01%     65.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   299974      2.28%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2058      0.02%     67.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  374447      2.85%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    548      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd             1121562      8.54%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              298614      2.27%     80.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv              149102      1.13%     82.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             826010      6.29%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     88.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   222454      1.69%     90.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  250692      1.91%     91.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead             1049224      7.98%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               4562      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13140641                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    24                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24380833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24380833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         10252089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total             10252089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10252089                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total            10252089                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           1623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               1623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          1623                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              1623                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    108269000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    108269000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    108269000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    108269000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     10253712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total         10253712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     10253712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total        10253712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66709.180530                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66709.180530                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66709.180530                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66709.180530                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          1623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105023000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105023000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105023000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105023000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64709.180530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64709.180530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64709.180530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64709.180530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       1368                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10252089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            10252089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          1623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              1623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    108269000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    108269000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     10253712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10253712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66709.180530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66709.180530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105023000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105023000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64709.180530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64709.180530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24380833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.355794                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                10253712                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  1623                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs               6317.752311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.355794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses              10255335                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses             10255335                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24380833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10222                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10222                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8132                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        28576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        28576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  28576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1174656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1174656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1174656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            50882000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           54592250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24380833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           92736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          561472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              654208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        92736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          92736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       520448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           520448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1449                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             8773                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10222                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          8132                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                8132                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            3803644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           23029238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               26832881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       3803644                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3803644                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        21346605                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              21346605                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        21346605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           3803644                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          23029238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              48179486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5648.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1449.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      8119.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001514126500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           316                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           316                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                33471                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5309                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10222                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        8132                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10222                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      8132                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     654                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   2484                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      95048750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    47840000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                274448750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9934.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28684.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5369                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4860                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  56.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 86.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10222                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  8132                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     9568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4957                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     196.066976                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    126.746703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    252.615207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2001     40.37%     40.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2123     42.83%     83.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          206      4.16%     87.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          104      2.10%     89.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           80      1.61%     91.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           58      1.17%     92.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           42      0.85%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           50      1.01%     94.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          293      5.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4957                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          316                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       30.234177                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      23.066243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      49.652848                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             253     80.06%     80.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             47     14.87%     94.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              9      2.85%     97.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      0.63%     98.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      0.32%     98.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            3      0.95%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-735            1      0.32%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            316                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          316                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.781646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.767769                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.685296                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                38     12.03%     12.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      0.63%     12.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               267     84.49%     97.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 9      2.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            316                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  612352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    41856                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   359616                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   654208                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                520448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         25.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         14.75                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      26.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      21.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    24380420000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1328343.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        92736                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       519616                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       359616                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 3803643.624481575098                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 21312479.356222160161                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 14749947.222886107862                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1449                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         8773                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         8132                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     38439500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    236009250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 570156389250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26528.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26901.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  70112689.28                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     67.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              18107040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9620325                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             27903120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            13963500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1924437840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4759437300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5354292960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12107762085                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         496.609861                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13872497000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    814060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   9694276000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              17293080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               9191490                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             40412400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            15367680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1924437840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3252635460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6623178720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11882516670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         487.371234                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17182376750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    814060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6384396250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24380833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24380833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24380833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1510963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1510963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1510979                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1510979                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          15861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              15861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         15866                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             15866                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    742340000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    742340000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    742679000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    742679000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1526824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1526824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1526845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1526845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46802.849757                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46802.849757                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46809.466784                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46809.466784                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10886                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10886                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    710618000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    710618000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    710947000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    710947000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44802.849757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44802.849757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44809.466784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44809.466784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      15610                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1266759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1266759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    218012000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    218012000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1271663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1271663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44455.954323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44455.954323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    208204000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    208204000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003856                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42455.954323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42455.954323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         244204                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             244204                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10957                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10957                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    524328000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    524328000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       255161                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         255161                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042942                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.042942                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47853.244501                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47853.244501                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10957                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10957                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    502414000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    502414000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042942                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042942                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45853.244501                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45853.244501                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                16                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       339000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       339000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        67800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        67800                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       329000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       329000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        65800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65800                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24380833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.729366                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1526845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 15866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 96.233770                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.729366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1542711                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1542711                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24380833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24380833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24380833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                7267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            174                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7093                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               7267                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             10222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1449                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8773                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            10222                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96895000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    583418000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    680313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96895000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    583418000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    680313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         1623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           17489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         1623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          17489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.552943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.584482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.552943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.584482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66870.255349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66501.538812                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66553.805518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66870.255349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66501.538812                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66553.805518                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8132                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8132                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93997000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    565872000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    659869000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93997000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    565872000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    659869000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.552943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.584482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.552943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.584482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64870.255349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64501.538812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64553.805518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64870.255349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64501.538812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64553.805518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13317                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7093                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               7267                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1449                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            10222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96895000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    583418000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    680313000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          17489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.552943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.584482                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66870.255349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66501.538812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66553.805518                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     93997000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    565872000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    659869000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.892791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.552943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.584482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64870.255349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64501.538812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64553.805518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10886                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10886                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10886                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10886                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24380833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.176255                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  28375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13829                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.051848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    35.493506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    14.054105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   460.628644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.069323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.027449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.899665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          301                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                42204                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               42204                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24380833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                17489                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               17489                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10886                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42618                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         3246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   45864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1712128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       103872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1816000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             8115000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             71919000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            79330000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24380833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24380833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  24380833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  24380833000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
