
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12509745000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  63022                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34306068                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    75011                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    15.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              788368068                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1190256                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012510                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12509745000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             47570                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1190256                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4519                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      857345                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          3345                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1563402                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12509734                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12509734                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               237009                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              182306                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        46479                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 810918                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        810918                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               811430                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         743                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1191161                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1191161                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3022446                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             286434                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4504                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        861848                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     857344                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.02%      0.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    329241     27.62%     27.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     27.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.01%     27.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     27.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     27.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     27.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     27.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     27.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     27.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     27.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     27.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     27.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     27.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.01%     27.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     27.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.01%     27.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.02%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     27.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4402      0.37%     28.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   47146      3.96%     32.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.01%     32.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             810198     67.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1191926                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    65                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       106794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        107298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       106794                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       107298                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29504000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6018921000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   6048425000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29504000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6018921000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   6048425000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       106806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       107383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       106806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       107383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58539.682540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56360.104500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56370.342411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58539.682540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56360.104500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56370.342411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       107298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106794                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       107298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28496000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5805333000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5833829000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28496000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5805333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5833829000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56539.682540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54360.104500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54370.342411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56539.682540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54360.104500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54370.342411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       106794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       107298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29504000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6018921000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6048425000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       106806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       107383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58539.682540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56360.104500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56370.342411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       107298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28496000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5805333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5833829000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56539.682540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54360.104500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54370.342411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       106234                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       106234                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       106234                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       106234                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12509745000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        53478.005930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   502.019272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 52975.986658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.404175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.408005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       107298                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          773                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7746                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        77444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        21248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.818619                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           320915                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          320915                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12509745000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1562763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1562763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1562763                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1562763                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40408000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40408000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40408000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40408000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1563402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1563402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1563402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1563402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63236.306729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63236.306729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63236.306729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63236.306729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.306729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61236.306729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.306729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61236.306729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1562763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1562763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40408000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40408000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1563402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1563402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63236.306729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63236.306729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.306729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61236.306729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12509745000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.382117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   13746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.964029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.382117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.864774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.864774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1564041                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1564041                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12509745000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              107298                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             107298                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       214596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       214596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 214596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      6867072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      6867072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6867072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           107298000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          565203750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12509745000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         6834816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             6867072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           106794                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               107298                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            2578470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          546359338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              548937808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       2578470                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2578470                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           2578470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         546359338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             548937808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    106794.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000570500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               217808                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       107298                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     107298                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               6731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               6684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               6691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               6702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               6694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               6694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               6683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               6660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               6670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               6736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              6704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              6699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              6695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              6742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              6764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     467039750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   536490000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2478877250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       4352.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 23102.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     99026                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  92.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 107298                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   107298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         8270                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     830.281983                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    700.754106                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    330.312705                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           199      2.41%      2.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1044     12.62%     15.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          227      2.74%     17.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          213      2.58%     20.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          205      2.48%     22.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          204      2.47%     25.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          203      2.45%     27.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          201      2.43%     30.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5774     69.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          8270                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 6867072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  6867072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        548.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     548.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          4.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12509651000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      116587.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      6834816                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 2578469.824924489018                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 546359338.259892582893                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       106794                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12711250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   2466166000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25220.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     23092.74                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              29638140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              15745455                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            383839260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      987111840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2922110700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2343017280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6681462675                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         534.100629                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6036051500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    417560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6056133500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              29423940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              15639195                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            382268460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      987111840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2914980570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2349021600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6678445605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         533.859452                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6051795000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    417560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6040390000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12509745000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12509745000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12509745000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           753320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               753320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          753320                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              753320                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         106874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             106874                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        106874                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            106874                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7835654000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7835654000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7835654000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7835654000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       860194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           860194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       860194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          860194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73316.746823                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73316.746823                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73316.746823                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73316.746823                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          106514                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                106514                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        106874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       106874                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7621908000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7621908000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7621908000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7621908000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71316.765537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71316.765537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71316.765537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71316.765537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     106617                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         748958                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             748958                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       106717                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           106717                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7827138000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7827138000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       855675                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         855675                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124717                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124717                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73344.809168                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73344.809168                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       106717                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7613706000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7613706000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124717                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124717                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71344.827909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71344.827909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12509745000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.423365                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  858152                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                106617                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.048923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.423365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                967067                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               967067                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12509745000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12509745000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12509745000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        106807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            107384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       106807                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           107384                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35997000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7193811000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7229808000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35997000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7193811000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7229808000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       106874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          107513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       106874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         107513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.998800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.998800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62386.481802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67353.366352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67326.678090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62386.481802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67353.366352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67326.678090                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         106234                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               106234                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       107384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106807                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       107384                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34843000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6980199000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7015042000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34843000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6980199000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7015042000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60386.481802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65353.385078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65326.696715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60386.481802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65353.385078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65326.696715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    107016                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       106807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           107384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35997000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7193811000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7229808000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       106874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         107513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.998800                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62386.481802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67353.366352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67326.678090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       106807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       107384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34843000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6980199000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7015042000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60386.481802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65353.385078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65326.696715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       106514                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       106514                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       106514                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       106514                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12509745000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.266464                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 213258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               107016                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.992767                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.388789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.256932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   506.620743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               321555                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              321555                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12509745000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               107513                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              107512                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        106514                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       320261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  321539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     13656768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13697664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            640083000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           534365000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12509745000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12509745000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12509745000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12509745000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25635829000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  62440                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34306860                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    73809                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    32.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              800346138                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2364170                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025636                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25635829000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                             91048                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2364170                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4519                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1728611                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          6741                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3132018                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25635818                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25635818                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               454399                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              356218                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        89957                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1637008                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1637008                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1637520                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         743                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               2366773                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      2366773                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6029244                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             547302                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4504                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1733114                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1728610                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    633587     26.76%     26.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.01%     26.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.01%     26.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.01%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4402      0.19%     26.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   92322      3.90%     30.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            1636288     69.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2367538                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    65                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       215490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        215994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       215490                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       215994                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29504000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12638197000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  12667701000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29504000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12638197000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  12667701000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       215502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       216079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       215502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       216079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58539.682540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58648.647269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58648.393011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58539.682540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58648.647269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58648.393011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        84354                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            84354                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       215994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       215994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28496000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12207217000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12235713000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28496000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12207217000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12235713000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56539.682540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56648.647269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56648.393011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56539.682540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56648.647269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56648.393011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 84922                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       215490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       215994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29504000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12638197000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12667701000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       215502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       216079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58539.682540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58648.647269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58648.393011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       215994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28496000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12207217000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12235713000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56539.682540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56648.647269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56648.393011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       214930                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       214930                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       214930                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       214930                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        91903.489919                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             169377                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            84922                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.994501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   277.993585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 91625.496333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.699047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.701168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       131072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          733                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7370                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        73729                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        49157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           647003                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          647003                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3131379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3131379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3131379                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3131379                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40408000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40408000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40408000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40408000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3132018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3132018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3132018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3132018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63236.306729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63236.306729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63236.306729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63236.306729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.306729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61236.306729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.306729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61236.306729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3131379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3131379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40408000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40408000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3132018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3132018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63236.306729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63236.306729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.306729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61236.306729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.698486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   13746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.964029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.698486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3132657                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3132657                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              215994                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             215994                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        84354                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       516342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       516342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 516342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     19222272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     19222272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19222272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           637764000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1137362500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        13791360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            13823616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      5398656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          5398656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           215490                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               215994                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         84354                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               84354                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1258239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          537972070                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              539230309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1258239                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1258239                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       210590264                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             210590264                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       210590264                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1258239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         537972070                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             749820573                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     84354.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    215490.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000056140500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          5046                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          5046                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               518045                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               79421                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       215994                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       84354                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     215994                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     84354                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              13563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              13468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              13475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              13486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              13478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              13478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              13467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              13444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              13454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              13520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             13488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             13483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             13479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             13526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             13548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             13637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               5279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               5248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               5248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               5248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               5248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               5248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               5248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               5248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               5250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               5304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              5264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              5278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              5260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              5277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              5313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              5376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       10.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1432619000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1079970000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               5482506500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6632.68                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25382.68                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    197657                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    77119                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 215994                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 84354                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   215994                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    1717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    1835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    5039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    5051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    5059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    5046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    5046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    5046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    5046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    5046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    5048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    5057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    5073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    5046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    5046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    5046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    5046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    5046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        25553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     752.195985                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    583.440783                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    372.511470                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           980      3.84%      3.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4395     17.20%     21.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          930      3.64%     24.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          766      3.00%     27.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1005      3.93%     31.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          781      3.06%     34.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          775      3.03%     37.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          883      3.46%     41.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        15038     58.85%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         25553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         5046                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       42.804598                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.750590                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1845.837603                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191          5045     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::131072-139263            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           5046                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         5046                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.713635                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.686830                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.957698                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              3212     63.65%     63.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                98      1.94%     65.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              1705     33.79%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                31      0.61%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           5046                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                13823616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  5397568                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 13823616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               5398656                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        539.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        210.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     539.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     210.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          5.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     1.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25635761000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       85353.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     13791360                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      5397568                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1258239.006041115383                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 537972070.261507868767                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 210547823.516844332218                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       215490                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        84354                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12711250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   5469795250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 252462361000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25220.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25383.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2992891.40                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.49                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              91477680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              48617745                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            772083900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           220920840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2023394880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6026203590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4769460960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13952159595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         544.244526                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12250804250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    855920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12529104750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              90985020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              48355890                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            770113260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           219318300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2023394880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6013118100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4780480320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13945765770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         543.995116                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12280782000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    855920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12499127000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1514192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1514192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1514192                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1514192                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         215570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             215570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        215570                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            215570                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16302762000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16302762000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16302762000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16302762000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1729762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1729762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1729762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1729762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75626.302361                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75626.302361                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75626.302361                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75626.302361                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          215210                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                215210                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        215570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       215570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15871624000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15871624000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15871624000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15871624000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73626.311639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73626.311639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73626.311639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73626.311639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     215313                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1509830                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1509830                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       215413                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           215413                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16294246000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  16294246000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1725243                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1725243                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124860                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124860                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75641.887908                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75641.887908                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215413                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       215413                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15863422000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15863422000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124860                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124860                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73641.897193                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73641.897193                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.230635                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1727720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                215313                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.024225                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.230635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1945331                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1945331                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        215503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            216080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       215503                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           216080                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35997000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15008743000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  15044740000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35997000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15008743000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  15044740000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       215570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          216209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       215570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         216209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62386.481802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69645.169673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69625.786746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62386.481802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69645.169673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69625.786746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         214930                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               214930                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       216080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       216080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34843000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14577739000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14612582000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34843000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14577739000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14612582000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60386.481802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67645.178953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67625.796001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60386.481802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67645.178953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67625.796001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    215712                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       215503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           216080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35997000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  15008743000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15044740000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       215570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         216209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62386.481802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69645.169673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69625.786746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       215503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       216080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34843000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14577739000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14612582000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60386.481802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67645.178953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67625.796001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       215210                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       215210                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       215210                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       215210                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.666092                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 430650                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               215712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.189721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.101335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   509.375036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               647643                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              647643                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               216209                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              216208                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        215210                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       646349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  647627                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     27569856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 27610752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1292259000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1077845000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25635829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25635829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                38905176000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  64014                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34306992                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    75496                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    46.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              830157343                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000010                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3538091                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.038905                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 38905176000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            134527                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000010                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3538091                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4519                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2599880                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         10139                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4700642                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         38905165                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   38905165                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               671794                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              530132                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       133436                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2463100                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2463100                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2463611                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         743                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3542393                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3542393                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             9036059                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             808174                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4504                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2604383                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    2599879                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    937938     26.47%     26.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.01%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4402      0.12%     26.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  137499      3.88%     30.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            2462380     69.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3543158                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    65                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       324186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        324690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       324186                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       324690                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29504000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19400716000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  19430220000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29504000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19400716000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  19430220000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       324198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       324775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       324198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       324775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58539.682540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59844.397969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59842.372725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58539.682540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59844.397969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59842.372725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       193050                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           193050                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       324690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       324690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28496000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18752344000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18780840000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28496000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18752344000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18780840000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56539.682540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57844.397969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57842.372725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56539.682540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57844.397969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57842.372725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                193618                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       324186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       324690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29504000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19400716000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19430220000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       324198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       324775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58539.682540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59844.397969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59842.372725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       324690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28496000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18752344000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18780840000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56539.682540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57844.397969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57842.372725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       323626                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       323626                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       323626                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       323626                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38905176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        105262.651993                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             386769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           193618                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.997588                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   183.178609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 105079.473385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.801693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.803090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       131072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          733                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        73723                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        49156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           973091                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          973091                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38905176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4700003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4700003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4700003                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4700003                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40408000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40408000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40408000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40408000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4700642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4700642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4700642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4700642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63236.306729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63236.306729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63236.306729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63236.306729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.306729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61236.306729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.306729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61236.306729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4700003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4700003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40408000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40408000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4700642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4700642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63236.306729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63236.306729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.306729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61236.306729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38905176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.801323                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   13746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.964029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.801323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4701281                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4701281                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38905176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              324690                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             324690                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       193050                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       842430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       842430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 842430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     33135360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     33135360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                33135360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1289940000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1709387000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38905176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        20747904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            20780160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     12355200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         12355200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           324186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               324690                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        193050                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              193050                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             829093                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          533294182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              534123274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        829093                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            829093                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       317572140                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             317572140                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       317572140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            829093                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         533294182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             851695415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    193050.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    324186.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000056140500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         11549                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         11549                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               841249                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              181783                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       324690                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      193050                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     324690                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    193050                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              20427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              20324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              20259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              20270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              20262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              20262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              20251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              20228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              20238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              20304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             20272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             20267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             20263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             20310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             20332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             20421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              12160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              12073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              12032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              12032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              12032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              12032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              12032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              12032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              12034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              12088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             12048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             12062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             12044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             12061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             12097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             12160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       15.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    2541575500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1623450000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               8629513000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7827.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26577.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    295801                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   176518                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 324690                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                193050                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   324690                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    3927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    4189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   11533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   11569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   11588                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   11550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   11550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   11550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   11550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   11550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   11553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   11568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   11610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   11550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   11550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   11550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   11549                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   11549                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        45389                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     729.967173                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    554.235170                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    380.529180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1881      4.14%      4.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8431     18.57%     22.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1775      3.91%     26.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1425      3.14%     29.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1966      4.33%     34.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1471      3.24%     37.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1462      3.22%     40.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1714      3.78%     44.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        25264     55.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         45389                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11549                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       28.112910                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.714210                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1220.099353                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191         11548     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::131072-139263            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          11549                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11549                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.713049                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.686192                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.958664                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              7361     63.74%     63.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               219      1.90%     65.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              3891     33.69%     99.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                78      0.68%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          11549                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                20780160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 12353216                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 20780160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              12355200                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        534.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        317.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     534.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     317.57                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          6.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     2.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    38905092000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       75144.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     20747904                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     12353216                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 829092.766474054777                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 533294181.730472087860                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 317521144.230269014835                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       324186                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       193050                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12711250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   8616801750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 575893094000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25220.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26579.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2983129.21                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             162092280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              86154090                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1159585980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           504220680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      3070741440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        9174775860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7213460640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         21371030970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         549.310739                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18502183250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1298960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  19104032750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             161992320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              86097165                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1158700620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           503338500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      3070741440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        9171041790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7216605120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         21368516955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         549.246120                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18512246250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1298960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  19093969750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38905176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38905176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38905176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2275066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2275066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2275066                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2275066                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         324266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             324266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        324266                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            324266                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24913113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24913113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24913113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24913113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2599332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2599332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2599332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2599332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76829.248210                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76829.248210                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76829.248210                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76829.248210                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          323906                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                323906                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        324266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       324266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24264583000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24264583000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24264583000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24264583000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74829.254378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74829.254378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74829.254378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74829.254378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     324009                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2270704                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2270704                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       324109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           324109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24904597000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  24904597000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      2594813                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        2594813                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124906                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124906                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76840.189566                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76840.189566                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       324109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24256381000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24256381000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124906                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124906                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74840.195737                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74840.195737                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38905176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.493042                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2597288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                324009                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.016098                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.493042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2923597                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2923597                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38905176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38905176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38905176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        324199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            324776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       324199                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           324776                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35997000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22966918000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  23002915000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35997000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22966918000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  23002915000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       324266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          324905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       324266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         324905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62386.481802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70842.038378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70827.016159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62386.481802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70842.038378                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70827.016159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         323626                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               323626                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       324776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       324776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34843000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22318522000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22353365000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34843000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22318522000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22353365000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60386.481802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68842.044547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68827.022317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60386.481802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68842.044547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68827.022317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    324408                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       324199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           324776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35997000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22966918000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23002915000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       324266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         324905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62386.481802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70842.038378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70827.016159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       324199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       324776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34843000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22318522000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22353365000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60386.481802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68842.044547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68827.022317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       323906                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       323906                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       323906                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       323906                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38905176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.121046                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 648042                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               324408                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.997614                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.125013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.725704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.270330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          430                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               973731                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              973731                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38905176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               324905                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              324904                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        323906                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       972437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  973715                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     41482944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 41523840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1944435000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1621325000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38905176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38905176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  38905176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  38905176000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                52175392000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  72178                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34306992                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    85025                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    55.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              941472929                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4711997                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.052175                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 52175392000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            178005                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4711997                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4519                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     3471138                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         13535                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6269246                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         52175381                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   52175381                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               889184                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              704044                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       176914                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3289182                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3289182                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3289693                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         743                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4717997                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4717997                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            12042833                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1069042                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4504                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3475641                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    3471137                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1242284     26.33%     26.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4402      0.09%     26.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  182675      3.87%     30.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3288462     69.69%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4718762                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    65                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       432881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        433385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       432881                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       433385                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29504000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26164179000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  26193683000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29504000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26164179000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  26193683000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       432893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       433470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       432893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       433470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58539.682540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60441.966730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60439.754491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58539.682540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60441.966730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60439.754491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       301745                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           301745                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       433385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       433385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28496000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25298417000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25326913000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28496000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25298417000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25326913000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56539.682540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58441.966730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58439.754491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56539.682540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58441.966730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58439.754491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                302313                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       432881                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       433385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29504000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26164179000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26193683000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       432893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       433470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58539.682540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60441.966730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60439.754491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       433385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28496000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25298417000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25326913000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56539.682540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58441.966730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58439.754491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       432321                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       432321                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       432321                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       432321                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52175392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        111826.965355                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             604159                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           302313                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   136.589218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 111690.376137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.852130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.853172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       131072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          736                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        73715                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        49162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1299176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1299176                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52175392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6268607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6268607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6268607                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6268607                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40408000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40408000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40408000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40408000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6269246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6269246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6269246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6269246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63236.306729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63236.306729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63236.306729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63236.306729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.306729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61236.306729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.306729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61236.306729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6268607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6268607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40408000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40408000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6269246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6269246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63236.306729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63236.306729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.306729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61236.306729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52175392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.851854                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   13746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.964029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.851854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6269885                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6269885                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52175392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              433385                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             433385                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       301745                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1168515                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1168515                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1168515                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     47048320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     47048320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                47048320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1942110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2281407000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52175392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        27704384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            27736640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     19311680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         19311680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           432881                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               433385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        301745                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              301745                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             618222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          530985642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              531603864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        618222                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            618222                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       370130041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             370130041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       370130041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            618222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         530985642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             901733906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    301745.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    432881.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000056140500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         18055                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         18055                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1164440                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              284166                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       433385                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      301745                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     433385                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    301745                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              27211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              27164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              27138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              27054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              27046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              27046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              27035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              27012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              27022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              27088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             27056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             27051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             27047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             27094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             27116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             27205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              18944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              18944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              18887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              18816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              18816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              18816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              18816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              18816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              18818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              18872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             18832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             18846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             18828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             18845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             18881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             18944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       18.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3651527250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2166925000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              11777496000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8425.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27175.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    393943                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   275938                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 433385                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                301745                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   433385                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    6126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    6536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   18028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   18088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   18110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   18056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   18056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   18056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   18056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   18055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   18059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   18080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   18149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   18055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   18055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   18055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   18055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   18055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        65224                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     721.304060                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    543.254011                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    383.287518                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2777      4.26%      4.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12472     19.12%     23.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2610      4.00%     27.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2097      3.22%     30.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2926      4.49%     35.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2161      3.31%     38.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2130      3.27%     41.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2545      3.90%     45.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        35506     54.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         65224                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18055                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       24.003212                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.702318                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     975.817895                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191         18054     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::131072-139263            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          18055                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18055                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.711216                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.684424                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.957450                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             11520     63.81%     63.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               344      1.91%     65.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              6076     33.65%     99.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               115      0.64%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          18055                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                27736640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 19310144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 27736640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              19311680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        531.60                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        370.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     531.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     370.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     2.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    52175308000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       70974.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     27704384                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     19310144                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 618222.475453562452                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 530985641.660344362259                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 370100602.214929223061                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       432881                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       301745                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12711250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  11764784750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 899388157750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25220.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27177.87                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2980623.23                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             232899660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             123789105                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1547088060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           787520520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4118088000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       12320422890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9660257760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         28790065995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         551.793957                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24761123000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1742000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  25672269000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             232806840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             123735975                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1547280840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           787463100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4118088000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       12325904580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        9655641600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         28790920935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         551.810343                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  24749811500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1742000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  25683580500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52175392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52175392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52175392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3035931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3035931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3035931                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3035931                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         432961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             432961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        432961                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            432961                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33524391000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33524391000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33524391000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33524391000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3468892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3468892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3468892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3468892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77430.509907                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77430.509907                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77430.509907                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77430.509907                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          432601                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                432601                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        432961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       432961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32658471000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32658471000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32658471000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32658471000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75430.514527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75430.514527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75430.514527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75430.514527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     432704                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3031569                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3031569                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       432804                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           432804                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33515875000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  33515875000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      3464373                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        3464373                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124930                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124930                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77438.921544                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77438.921544                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432804                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       432804                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32650269000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32650269000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124930                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124930                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75438.926165                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75438.926165                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52175392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.621981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3466848                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                432704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.012054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.621981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3901852                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3901852                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52175392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52175392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52175392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        432894                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            433471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       432894                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           433471                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35997000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30926026000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  30962023000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35997000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30926026000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  30962023000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       432961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          433600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       432961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         433600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62386.481802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71440.181661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71428.130140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62386.481802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71440.181661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71428.130140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         432321                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               432321                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       433471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432894                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       433471                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34843000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30060240000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30095083000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34843000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30060240000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30095083000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60386.481802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69440.186281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69428.134754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60386.481802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69440.186281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69428.134754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    433103                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       432894                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           433471                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35997000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30926026000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30962023000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       432961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         433600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62386.481802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71440.181661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71428.130140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       432894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       433471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34843000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30060240000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30095083000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60386.481802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69440.186281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69428.134754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       432601                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       432601                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       432601                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       432601                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52175392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.344598                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 865432                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               433103                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.093217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.541129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.710252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1299816                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1299816                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52175392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               433600                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              433599                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        432601                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1298522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1299800                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     55395904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 55436800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2596605000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2164800000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52175392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52175392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52175392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  52175392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                65444276000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  82952                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34307220                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                    97649                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    60.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1085743867                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5885911                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.065444                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 65444276000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            221483                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5885911                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4519                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4342402                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         16931                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7837863                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         65444265                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   65444265                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1106574                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              877958                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       220392                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4115269                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4115269                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4115781                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         743                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5893609                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5893609                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15049627                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1329912                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4504                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4346905                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4342401                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1546632     26.24%     26.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4402      0.07%     26.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  227852      3.87%     30.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            4114549     69.80%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5894374                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    65                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       541577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        542081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       541577                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       542081                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29504000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32926257000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  32955761000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29504000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32926257000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  32955761000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       541589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       542166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       541589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       542166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58539.682540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60797.000242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60794.901500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58539.682540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60797.000242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60794.901500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       410441                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           410441                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       542081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       542081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28496000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31843103000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31871599000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28496000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31843103000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31871599000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56539.682540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58797.000242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58794.901500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56539.682540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58797.000242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58794.901500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                411009                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       541577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       542081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29504000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  32926257000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32955761000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       541589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       542166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58539.682540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60797.000242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60794.901500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       542081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28496000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31843103000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31871599000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56539.682540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58797.000242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58794.901500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       541017                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       541017                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       541017                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       541017                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65444276000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        115728.912903                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             821551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           411009                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998864                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   108.895635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 115620.017268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.882111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.882942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       131072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        73714                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        49161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1625264                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1625264                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65444276000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7837224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7837224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7837224                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7837224                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40408000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40408000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40408000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40408000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7837863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7837863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7837863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7837863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63236.306729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63236.306729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63236.306729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63236.306729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.306729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61236.306729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.306729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61236.306729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7837224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7837224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40408000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40408000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7837863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7837863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63236.306729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63236.306729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.306729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61236.306729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65444276000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.881891                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   13746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.964029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.881891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7838502                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7838502                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65444276000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              542081                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             542081                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       410441                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1494603                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1494603                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1494603                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     60961408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     60961408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                60961408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2594286000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2853444000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65444276000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        34660928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            34693184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     26268224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         26268224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           541577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               542081                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        410441                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              410441                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             492877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          529625051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              530117928                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        492877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            492877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       401383064                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             401383064                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       401383064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            492877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         529625051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             931500992                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    410441.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    541577.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000056140500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         24558                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         24558                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1487647                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              386525                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       542081                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      410441                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     542081                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    410441                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              33995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              33948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              33955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              33957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              33830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              33830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              33819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              33796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              33806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              33872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             33840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             33835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             33831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             33878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             33900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             33989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              25728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              25728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              25728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              25692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              25600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              25600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              25600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              25600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              25602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              25656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             25616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             25630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             25612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             25629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             25665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             25728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       19.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4760030250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2710405000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              14924049000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8781.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27531.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    492061                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   375340                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 542081                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                410441                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   542081                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    8340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    8900                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   24521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   24598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   24635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   24559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   24559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   24559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   24559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   24559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   24565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   24597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   24685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   24558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   24558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   24558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   24558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   24558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        85093                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     716.385132                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    536.754674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    384.964917                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3745      4.40%      4.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16479     19.37%     23.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3461      4.07%     27.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2758      3.24%     31.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3881      4.56%     35.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2844      3.34%     38.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2791      3.28%     42.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3348      3.93%     46.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        45786     53.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         85093                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        24558                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       22.073092                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.698373                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     836.702614                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191         24557    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::131072-139263            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          24558                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        24558                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.712029                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.685218                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.957786                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             15659     63.76%     63.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               471      1.92%     65.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              8269     33.67%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               159      0.65%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          24558                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                34693184                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 26266496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 34693184                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              26268224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        530.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        401.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     530.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     401.38                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    65444210000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       68706.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     34660928                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     26266496                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 492877.329714824911                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 529625050.783662140369                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 401356659.519008219242                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       541577                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       410441                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12711250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  14911337750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1222783123500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25220.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27533.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2979193.41                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             303721320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             161431710                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1934590140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1070820360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      5166049200.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       15472617510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       12101029440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         36210259680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         553.299110                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  31004312250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2185300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  32254663750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             303849840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             161496225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1935868200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1071540720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      5166049200.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15480791880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       12094145760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         36213741825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         553.352318                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  30987124500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2185300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32271851500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65444276000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65444276000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65444276000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3796801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3796801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3796801                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3796801                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         541657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             541657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        541657                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            541657                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42134301000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42134301000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42134301000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42134301000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4338458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4338458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4338458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4338458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77787.790059                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77787.790059                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77787.790059                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77787.790059                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          541297                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                541297                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        541657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       541657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41050989000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41050989000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41050989000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41050989000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75787.793751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75787.793751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75787.793751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75787.793751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     541400                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3792439                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3792439                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       541500                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           541500                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42125785000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  42125785000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4333939                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4333939                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124944                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124944                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77794.616805                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77794.616805                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       541500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41042787000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41042787000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124944                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124944                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75794.620499                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75794.620499                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65444276000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.698625                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4336416                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                541400                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.009634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.698625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4880114                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4880114                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65444276000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65444276000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65444276000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        541590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            542167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       541590                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           542167                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35997000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38883760000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  38919757000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35997000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38883760000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  38919757000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       541657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          542296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       541657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         542296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62386.481802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71795.564911                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71785.551315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62386.481802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71795.564911                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71785.551315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         541017                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               541017                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       542167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       542167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34843000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37800582000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37835425000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34843000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37800582000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37835425000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60386.481802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69795.568604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69785.555004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60386.481802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69795.568604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69785.555004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    541799                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       541590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           542167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35997000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38883760000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38919757000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       541657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         542296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62386.481802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71795.564911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71785.551315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       541590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       542167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34843000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  37800582000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37835425000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60386.481802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69795.568604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69785.555004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       541297                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       541297                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       541297                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       541297                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65444276000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.477482                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1082824                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               541799                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.074317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.431415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   510.971749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1625904                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1625904                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65444276000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               542296                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              542295                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        541297                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1624610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1625888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     69308992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 69349888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3248781000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2708280000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65444276000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65444276000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  65444276000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  65444276000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                78713738000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  92867                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34307220                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   109270                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    64.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1218310073                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000015                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7059836                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.078714                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 78713738000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            264962                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000015                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7059836                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4519                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     5213675                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         20329                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9406492                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         78713727                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   78713727                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1323969                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1051872                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       263871                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4941365                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4941365                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4941876                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         743                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7069233                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7069233                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18056454                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1590784                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4504                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       5218178                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    5213674                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1850983     26.18%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4402      0.06%     26.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  273029      3.86%     30.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            4940645     69.88%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7069998                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    65                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       650273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        650777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       650273                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       650777                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29504000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39688873000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  39718377000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29504000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39688873000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  39718377000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       650285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       650862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       650285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       650862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999869                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999869                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58539.682540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61034.170264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61032.238386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58539.682540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61034.170264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61032.238386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       519137                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           519137                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       650777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650273                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       650777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28496000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38388327000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38416823000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28496000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38388327000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38416823000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999869                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999869                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56539.682540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59034.170264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59032.238386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56539.682540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59034.170264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59032.238386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                519705                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       650273                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       650777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29504000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  39688873000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  39718377000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       650285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       650862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58539.682540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61034.170264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61032.238386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       650777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28496000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  38388327000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38416823000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56539.682540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59034.170264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59032.238386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       649713                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       649713                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       649713                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       649713                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  78713738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        118315.431043                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1038943                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           519705                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    90.538147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 118224.892896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.901984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.902675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       131072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          736                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        73717                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        49152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1951352                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1951352                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  78713738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9405853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9405853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9405853                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9405853                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40408000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40408000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40408000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40408000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9406492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9406492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9406492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9406492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63236.306729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63236.306729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63236.306729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63236.306729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.306729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61236.306729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.306729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61236.306729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9405853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9405853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40408000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40408000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9406492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9406492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63236.306729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63236.306729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.306729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61236.306729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  78713738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.901802                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                   13746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.964029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.901802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9407131                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9407131                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  78713738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              650777                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             650777                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       519137                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1820691                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1820691                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1820691                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     74874496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     74874496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                74874496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3246462000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3425467500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  78713738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        41617472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            41649728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     33224768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         33224768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           650273                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               650777                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        519137                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              519137                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             409789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          528719294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              529129083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        409789                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            409789                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       422096178                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             422096178                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       422096178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            409789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         528719294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             951225261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    519137.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    650273.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000056140500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         31062                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         31062                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1810841                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              488895                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       650777                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      519137                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     650777                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    519137                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              40779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              40732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              40739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              40750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              40742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              40629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              40603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              40580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              40590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              40656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             40624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             40619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             40615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             40662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             40684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             40773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              32504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       20.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5869084750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3253885000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              18071153500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9018.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27768.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    590194                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   474746                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 650777                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                519137                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   650777                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   10552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   11257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   31016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   31116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   31154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   31063                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   31063                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   31063                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   31062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   31062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   31070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   31112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   31222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   31062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   31062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   31062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   31062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   31062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       104950                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     713.406994                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    532.922185                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    385.900508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4692      4.47%      4.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20505     19.54%     24.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4300      4.10%     28.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3414      3.25%     31.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4834      4.61%     35.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3526      3.36%     39.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         3466      3.30%     42.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4173      3.98%     46.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        56040     53.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        104950                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31062                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       20.950711                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.695767                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     743.965859                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191         31061    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::131072-139263            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          31062                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31062                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.712189                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.685369                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.957938                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             19806     63.76%     63.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               592      1.91%     65.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             10462     33.68%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               202      0.65%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          31062                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                41649728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 33223296                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 41649728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              33224768                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        529.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        422.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     529.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     422.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    78713636000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       67281.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     41617472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     33223296                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 409788.695335495286                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 528719294.210116147995                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 422077477.758710920811                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       650273                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       519137                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12711250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  18058442250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1546220574500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25220.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27770.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2978444.18                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             374493000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             199047750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2322092220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1354120200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      6213395760.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       18620504640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       14545650720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         43629304290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         554.278140                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  37257406500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2628340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  38827991500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             374857140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             199237500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2324455560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1355654880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      6213395760.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       18636514800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       14532168480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         43636284120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         554.366814                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  37222757250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2628340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  38862640750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  78713738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  78713738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  78713738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          4557679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              4557679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4557679                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             4557679                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         650353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             650353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        650353                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            650353                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  50744749000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  50744749000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  50744749000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  50744749000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      5208032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          5208032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      5208032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5208032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78026.470240                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78026.470240                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78026.470240                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78026.470240                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          649993                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                649993                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        650353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       650353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  49444045000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  49444045000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  49444045000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  49444045000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124875                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124875                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124875                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124875                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76026.473315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76026.473315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76026.473315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76026.473315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     650096                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        4553317                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            4553317                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       650196                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           650196                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  50736233000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  50736233000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      5203513                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        5203513                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124953                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124953                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78032.213363                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78032.213363                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       650196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  49435843000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  49435843000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124953                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124953                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76032.216439                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76032.216439                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  78713738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.749430                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 5205984                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                650096                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.008023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.749430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.999021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.999021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               5858384                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              5858384                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  78713738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  78713738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  78713738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        650286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            650863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       650286                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           650863                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35997000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46842032000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  46878029000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35997000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46842032000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  46878029000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       650353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          650992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       650353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         650992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62386.481802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72032.970109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72024.418349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62386.481802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72032.970109                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72024.418349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         649713                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               649713                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       650863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       650863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34843000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45541462000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  45576305000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34843000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45541462000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  45576305000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60386.481802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70032.973184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70024.421422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60386.481802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70032.973184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70024.421422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    650495                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       650286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           650863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35997000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46842032000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46878029000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       650353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         650992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62386.481802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72032.970109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72024.418349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       650286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       650863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34843000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45541462000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45576305000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60386.481802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70032.973184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70024.421422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       649993                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       649993                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       649993                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       649993                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  78713738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.565567                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1300216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               650495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.061789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.358688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   511.145090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1951992                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1951992                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  78713738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               650992                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              650991                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        649993                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1950698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1951976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     83222080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 83262976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3900957000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3251760000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  78713738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  78713738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  78713738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  78713738000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                91982928000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 101783                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34307352                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   119722                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    68.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1337467220                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8233730                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.091983                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 91982928000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            308439                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8233730                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                        4519                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            16                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     6084926                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         23725                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                    10975083                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         91982928                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   91982928                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1541354                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1225782                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       307348                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5767440                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5767440                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              5767952                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 609                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         743                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8244825                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8244825                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21063200                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1851648                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        4504                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       6089429                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    6084925                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   186      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2155324     26.14%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       29      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        70      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      19      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      152      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     26.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      158      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     221      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   2      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     26.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                     4402      0.05%     26.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  318205      3.86%     30.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 102      0.00%     30.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            5766720     69.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8245590                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    65                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total              85                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total             85                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       758968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        759472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       758968                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       759472                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29504000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46451361000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  46480865000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29504000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46451361000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  46480865000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       758980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       759557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       758980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       759557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58539.682540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61203.319508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61201.551868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58539.682540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61203.319508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61201.551868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       627832                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           627832                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       759472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       759472                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28496000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44933425000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  44961921000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28496000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44933425000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  44961921000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56539.682540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59203.319508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59201.551868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56539.682540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59203.319508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59201.551868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                628400                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total             85                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       758968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       759472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     29504000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  46451361000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46480865000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       758980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       759557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58539.682540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61203.319508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61201.551868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       759472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     28496000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44933425000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44961921000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.873484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56539.682540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59203.319508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59201.551868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       758408                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       758408                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       758408                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       758408                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  91982928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        120155.656625                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1517965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           759472                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    77.477377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 120078.179248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.916124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.916715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024       131072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          736                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        73721                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        49158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2277437                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2277437                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  91982928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         10974444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total             10974444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10974444                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total            10974444                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               639                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40408000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40408000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40408000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40408000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     10975083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total         10975083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     10975083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total        10975083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63236.306729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63236.306729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63236.306729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63236.306729                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.306729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61236.306729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.306729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61236.306729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        417                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10974444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            10974444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40408000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40408000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     10975083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        10975083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63236.306729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63236.306729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     39130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61236.306729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61236.306729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  91982928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               221.915967                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                10975083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   639                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs              17175.403756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   221.915967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.866859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.866859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.867188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses              10975722                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses             10975722                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  91982928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              759472                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             759472                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       627832                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2146776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2146776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2146776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     88787456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     88787456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                88787456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3898632000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3997484000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  91982928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           32256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        48573952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            48606208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          32256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     40181248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         40181248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           758968                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               759472                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        627832                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              627832                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             350674                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          528075732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              528426405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        350674                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            350674                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       436833757                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             436833757                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       436833757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            350674                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         528075732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             965260162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    627832.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    758968.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000056140500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         37566                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         37566                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2134040                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              591268                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       759472                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      627832                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     759472                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    627832                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              47563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              47516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              47523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              47534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              47526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              47526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              47425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              47364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              47374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              47440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             47408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             47403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             47399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             47446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             47468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             47557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              39296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              39296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              39296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              39296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              39296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              39296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              39185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              39168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              39170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              39224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             39184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             39198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             39180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             39197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             39233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             39296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    6978065000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3797360000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              21218165000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9188.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27938.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    688347                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   574153                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  90.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 759472                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                627832                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   759472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   12762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   13611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   37509                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   37634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   37682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   37567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   37566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   37566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   37566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   37566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   37575                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   37623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   37760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   37566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   37566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   37566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   37566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   37566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       124781                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     711.532942                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    530.733639                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    386.337803                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5586      4.48%      4.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        24539     19.67%     24.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5139      4.12%     28.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4076      3.27%     31.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5804      4.65%     36.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4217      3.38%     39.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4151      3.33%     42.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5008      4.01%     46.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        66261     53.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        124781                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37566                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       20.216898                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.693985                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     676.503927                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191         37565    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::131072-139263            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          37566                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37566                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.712213                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.685383                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.958138                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             23956     63.77%     63.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               713      1.90%     65.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             12649     33.67%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               248      0.66%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          37566                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                48606208                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 40179904                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 48606208                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              40181248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        528.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        436.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     528.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     436.83                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    91982877000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       66303.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        32256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     48573952                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     40179904                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 350673.768506260181                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 528075731.618371605873                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 436819145.396197855473                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       758968                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       627832                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     12711250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  21205453750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1869690906250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25220.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27939.85                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2978011.48                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     91.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             445300380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             236682765                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2709594300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1637420040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      7260742320.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       21768139830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       16990379520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         51048259155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         554.975366                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  43511297250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   3071380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  45400250750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             445650240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             236861130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2713035780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1639753380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      7260742320.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       21794207070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       16968428160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         51058678080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         555.088636                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  43453721250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   3071380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  45457826750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  91982928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  91982928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  91982928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          5318538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              5318538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5318538                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             5318538                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         759047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             759047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        759047                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            759047                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  59355052000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  59355052000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  59355052000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  59355052000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      6077585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          6077585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      6077585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         6077585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.124893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.124893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78196.807312                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78196.807312                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78196.807312                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78196.807312                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          758688                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                758688                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       759047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        759047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       759047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       759047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57836958000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  57836958000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57836958000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  57836958000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124893                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124893                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124893                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124893                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76196.807312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76196.807312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76196.807312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76196.807312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     758791                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data            4362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total                4362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8516000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            4519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54242.038217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52242.038217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        5314176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            5314176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       758890                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           758890                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  59346536000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  59346536000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      6073066                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        6073066                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124960                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.124960                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78201.763101                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78201.763101                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       758890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  57828756000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  57828756000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.124960                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124960                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76201.763101                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76201.763101                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  91982928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.785577                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 6077585                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                759047                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.006863                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.785577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.999162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.999162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               6836632                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              6836632                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  91982928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  91982928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  91982928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              62                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                 129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        758980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            759557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       758980                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           759557                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35997000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  54800165000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  54836162000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35997000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  54800165000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  54836162000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       759047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          759686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       759047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         759686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62386.481802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72202.383462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72194.926780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62386.481802                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72202.383462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72194.926780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         758408                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               758408                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       759557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       759557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34843000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53282205000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  53317048000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34843000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53282205000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  53317048000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60386.481802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70202.383462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70194.926780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60386.481802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70202.383462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70194.926780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    759190                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             62                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       758980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           759557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     35997000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  54800165000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  54836162000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       759047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         759686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62386.481802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72202.383462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72194.926780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       758980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       759557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34843000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53282205000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  53317048000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.902973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60386.481802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70202.383462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70194.926780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       758688                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       758688                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       758688                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       758688                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  91982928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              511.628237                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1518374                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               759702                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.998644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.052876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.306944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   511.268417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2278076                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2278076                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  91982928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               759686                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              759686                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        758688                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2276782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2278060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     97135040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        40896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 97175936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           4553126000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3795235000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  91982928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  91982928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  91982928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  91982928000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
