
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4798839000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  93753                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34285956                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   169172                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    10.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              449785617                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000238                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1804916                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004799                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4798839000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            205589                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000238                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1804916                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      210806                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           108                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      156161                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           132                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1332791                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1091                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4798828                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4798828                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1099484                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              688493                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       162376                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  26245                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         26245                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                33752                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               10448                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       26892                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1784557                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1784557                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3577769                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1465302                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      210702                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        366860                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     156158                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 10807      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1398896     77.50%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1046      0.06%     78.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     17600      0.98%     79.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     477      0.03%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        8      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     2115      0.12%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     1900      0.11%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    5241      0.29%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      3      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   208981     11.58%     91.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  142263      7.88%     99.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                1721      0.10%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              13895      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1804977                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    44                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        26530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         6624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           33154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        26530                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6624                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          33154                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3062                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3931                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6993                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186456000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    234469000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    420925000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186456000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    234469000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    420925000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        40147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        40147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.103474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.372430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.174185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.103474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.372430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.174185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60893.533638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59646.146019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60192.335192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60893.533638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59646.146019                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60192.335192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           19                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               19                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3931                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    180332000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    226607000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    406939000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    180332000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    226607000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    406939000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.103474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.372430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.174185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.103474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.372430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.174185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58893.533638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57646.146019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58192.335192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58893.533638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57646.146019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58192.335192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   215                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        26530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         6624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          33154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    186456000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    234469000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    420925000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        40147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.103474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.372430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.174185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60893.533638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59646.146019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60192.335192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    180332000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    226607000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    406939000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.103474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.372430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.174185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58893.533638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57646.146019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58192.335192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7796                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7796                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7796                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7796                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4798839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3947.137934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1566                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             7.283721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.913565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1574.102296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2372.122072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.048038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.072391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.120457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6791                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          826                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5940                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.207245                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            54949                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           54949                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4798839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1292739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1292739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1292739                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1292739                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          40052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              40052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         40052                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             40052                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    901148000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    901148000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    901148000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    901148000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1332791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1332791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.030051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.030051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22499.450714                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22499.450714                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22499.450714                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22499.450714                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         40052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    821044000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    821044000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    821044000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    821044000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20499.450714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20499.450714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20499.450714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20499.450714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      39796                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1292739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1292739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         40052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             40052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    901148000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    901148000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1332791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.030051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22499.450714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22499.450714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    821044000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    821044000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20499.450714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20499.450714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4798839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               249.761796                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1321949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 39796                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 33.218138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   249.761796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.975632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.975632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1372843                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1372843                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4798839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6993                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6993                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           19                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14005                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14005                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14005                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       448768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       448768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  448768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7088000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           37268250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4798839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          195968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          251584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              447552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       195968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         195968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         1216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             1216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3062                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3931                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6993                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           40836544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           52426014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               93262558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      40836544                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          40836544                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          253395                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                253395                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          253395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          40836544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          52426014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              93515953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        13.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3062.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3926.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000577500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                15227                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6993                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          19                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6993                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        19                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        3.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      56877250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    34940000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                187902250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8139.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26889.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4961                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  70.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6993                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    19                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6987                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2027                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     220.637395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    141.746208                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    254.944138                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           848     41.84%     41.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          650     32.07%     73.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          196      9.67%     83.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           91      4.49%     88.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           52      2.57%     90.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           36      1.78%     92.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           21      1.04%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           17      0.84%     94.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          116      5.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2027                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  447232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   447552                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  1216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         93.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      93.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4785981000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      682541.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       195968                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       251264                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 40836544.005748055875                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 52359331.079871609807                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3062                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3931                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           19                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     84368250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    103534000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27553.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26337.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     70.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7018620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3730485                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             23190720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      378618240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         983272230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1014735840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2410566135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         502.322777                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2628211000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    160160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2010468000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7454160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3961980                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             26703600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      378618240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1169365830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         858025440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2444129250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         509.316785                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2219134250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    160160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2419544750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4798839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4798839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4798839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           349171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               349171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          349694                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              349694                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          16904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              16904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         17212                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             17212                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    506804000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    506804000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    527170000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    527170000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       366075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           366075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       366906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          366906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.046176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.046911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29981.306200                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29981.306200                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30628.050198                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30628.050198                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9172                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9172                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         16904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    472998000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    472998000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    492748000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    492748000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.046911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27981.424515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27981.424515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28628.166396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28628.166396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      16955                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          198418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              198418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         11557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             11557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    230699000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    230699000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       209975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          209975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.055040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19961.841308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19961.841308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207587000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    207587000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.055040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17962.014364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17962.014364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         150753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             150753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5347                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5347                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    276105000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    276105000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       156100                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         156100                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034254                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.034254                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51637.366748                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51637.366748                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    265411000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    265411000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034254                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034254                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49637.366748                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49637.366748                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           523                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               523                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          308                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             308                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     20366000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     20366000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.370638                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.370638                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66123.376623                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66123.376623                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          308                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          308                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19750000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19750000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.370638                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.370638                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64123.376623                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64123.376623                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4798839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.774231                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  358750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 16955                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.158950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.774231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                384117                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               384117                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4798839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4798839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4798839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           10460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          10460                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6656                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17116                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         29592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             40148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10556                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            40148                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    565028000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363822000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    928850000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    565028000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363822000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    928850000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        17212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           57264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        17212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          57264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.701104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.701104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19093.944309                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34465.896173                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23135.648102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19093.944309                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34465.896173                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23135.648102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7796                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7796                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    505844000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    342712000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    848556000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    505844000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    342712000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    848556000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17093.944309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32466.085638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21135.697918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17093.944309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32466.085638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21135.697918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     45706                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          10460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            40148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    565028000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363822000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    928850000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        40052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        17212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          57264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.701104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19093.944309                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34465.896173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23135.648102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        29592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    505844000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    342712000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    848556000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.738840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.613293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.701104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17093.944309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32466.085638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21135.697918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9172                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9172                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9172                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9172                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4798839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.002736                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  65597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                45706                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.435195                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    96.331598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   232.179015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   178.492124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.188148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.453475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.348617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.990240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               112654                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              112654                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4798839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                57264                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               57263                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9172                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        43595                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        80104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  123699                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1688512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2563328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4251840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           200260000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            103124000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            86055000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4798839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4798839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4798839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4798839000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8844116000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  90157                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34314556                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   165729                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    20.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              437763973                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1821420                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3348195                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008844                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8844116000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            391924                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1821420                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3348195                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      414350                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           340                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      282943                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           153                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2439945                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          3222                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8844116                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               8844115.999000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2031557                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1201957                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       307909                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  38128                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         38128                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                48256                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               15040                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       49674                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.001000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3318150                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3318150                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6580871                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2695536                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      414226                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        697160                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     282934                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 15514      0.46%      0.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2598594     77.61%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2176      0.06%     78.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     21134      0.63%     78.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     741      0.02%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       10      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     2857      0.09%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       24      0.00%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2444      0.07%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    7603      0.23%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      4      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   411642     12.29%     91.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  262269      7.83%     99.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2584      0.08%     99.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              20665      0.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3348261                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    94                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        53888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        19269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           73157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        53888                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        19269                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          73157                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          9910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5310                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4600                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         9910                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321275000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274457000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    595732000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321275000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274457000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    595732000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        83067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        83067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.089699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.192719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.119301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.089699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.192719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.119301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60503.766478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59664.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60114.228052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60503.766478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59664.565217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60114.228052                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           76                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               76                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         9910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         9910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    310655000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    265257000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    575912000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    310655000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    265257000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    575912000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.089699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.192719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.089699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.192719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58503.766478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57664.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58114.228052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58503.766478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57664.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58114.228052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   799                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        53888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        19269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          73157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4600                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         9910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    321275000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274457000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    595732000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        83067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.089699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.192719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.119301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60503.766478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59664.565217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60114.228052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    310655000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    265257000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    575912000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.089699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.192719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58503.766478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57664.565217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58114.228052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15661                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15661                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15661                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15661                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8844116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5804.301908                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              98728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             9939                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             9.933394                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.148404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2600.427246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3202.726257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.079359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.097739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.177133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          268                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8794                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.278931                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           108667                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          108667                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8844116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2362685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2362685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2362685                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2362685                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          77260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              77260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         77260                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             77260                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1709648000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1709648000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1709648000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1709648000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2439945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2439945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2439945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2439945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22128.501165                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22128.501165                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22128.501165                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22128.501165                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         77260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        77260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1555128000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1555128000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1555128000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1555128000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20128.501165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20128.501165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20128.501165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20128.501165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      77004                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2362685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2362685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         77260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             77260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1709648000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1709648000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2439945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2439945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.031665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22128.501165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22128.501165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        77260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        77260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1555128000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1555128000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20128.501165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20128.501165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8844116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.615135                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2439945                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 77260                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 31.580960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.615135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.986778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.986778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2517205                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2517205                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8844116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                9910                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9910                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           76                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        19896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        19896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  19896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       639104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       639104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  639104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            10290000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           52803750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8844116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          339840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          294400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              634240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       339840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         339840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         4864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             4864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5310                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 9910                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            76                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  76                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           38425548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           33287668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               71713216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      38425548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          38425548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          549970                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                549970                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          549970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          38425548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          33287668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              72263186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        41.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5310.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4571.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.008198838500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             1                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             1                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                22108                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                  17                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         9910                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          76                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       9910                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        76                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      29                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     35                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       11.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      80468500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    49405000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                265737250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8143.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26893.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6995                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       15                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  70.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 36.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   9910                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    76                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     9879                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2880                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     219.222222                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    142.454023                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    247.529039                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1197     41.56%     41.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          904     31.39%     72.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          295     10.24%     83.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          145      5.03%     88.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           80      2.78%     91.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           57      1.98%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           34      1.18%     94.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           28      0.97%     95.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          140      4.86%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2880                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean            9398                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    9398.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev            nan                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev            nan                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  632384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1856                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     1152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   634240                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  4864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         71.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      71.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8844039000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      885643.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       339840                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       292544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         1152                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 38425547.561791360378                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 33077811.281534522772                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 130256.093429801229                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5310                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4600                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           76                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    144274250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    121463000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  61069706000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27170.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26405.00                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 803548763.16                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     70.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9946020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5271255                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             33508020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      697616400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1504667190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2129052480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4380061365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         495.251460                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5519750500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    295100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3029265500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              10681440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5658345                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             37042320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy               93960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      697616400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1764584340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1910174880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4425851685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         500.428950                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4948441500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    295100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3600574500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8844116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8844116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8844116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           656043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               656043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          659244                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              659244                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          36496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              36496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         37983                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             37983                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    890181000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    890181000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    930951000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    930951000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       692539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           692539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       697227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          697227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.052699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.054477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24391.193555                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24391.193555                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24509.675381                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24509.675381                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           18753                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 18753                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         36496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    817189000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    817189000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    854985000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    854985000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22391.193555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22391.193555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22509.675381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22509.675381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37727                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          382423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              382423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         27239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             27239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    519605000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    519605000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       409662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          409662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.066491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.066491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19075.773707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19075.773707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    465127000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    465127000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.066491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.066491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17075.773707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17075.773707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         273620                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             273620                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9257                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9257                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    370576000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    370576000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       282877                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         282877                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40031.975802                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40031.975802                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    352062000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    352062000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38031.975802                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38031.975802                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3201                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3201                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1487                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1487                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     40770000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     40770000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4688                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          4688                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.317193                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.317193                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27417.619368                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27417.619368                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1487                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1487                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     37796000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37796000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.317193                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.317193                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25417.619368                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25417.619368                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8844116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.792292                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  697227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 37983                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 18.356291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.792292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                735210                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               735210                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8844116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8844116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8844116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           18062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           14114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               32176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          18062                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          14114                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              32176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         59198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         23869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             83067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            83067                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1080229000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    575554000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1655783000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1080229000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    575554000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1655783000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        77260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        37983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          115243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        77260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        37983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         115243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.766218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.720799                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.766218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.720799                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18247.727964                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24113.033642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19933.102195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18247.727964                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24113.033642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19933.102195                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          15661                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                15661                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    961833000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    527816000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1489649000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    961833000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    527816000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1489649000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.766218                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.766218                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16247.727964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22113.033642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17933.102195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16247.727964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22113.033642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17933.102195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     95112                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          18062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          14114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              32176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            83067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1080229000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    575554000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1655783000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        77260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        37983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         115243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.766218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.720799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18247.727964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24113.033642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19933.102195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        59198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        83067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    961833000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    527816000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1489649000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.766218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.628413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16247.727964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22113.033642                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17933.102195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        18753                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        18753                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        18753                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        18753                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8844116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.288472                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 133996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                95624                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.401280                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    79.792645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   278.415676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   151.080151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.155845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.543781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.295078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               229620                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              229620                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8844116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               115243                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              115243                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         18753                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        94719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       154520                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  249239                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3631104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4944640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8575744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           386300000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            209008000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           189915000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8844116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8844116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8844116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8844116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
